N. destruction
waste, dissolution, breaking up
diruption, disruption
consumption
disorganization. fall, downfall, devastation, ruin, perdition, crash
eboulement [Fr.], smash, havoc, delabrement [Fr.], debacle
break down, break up, fall apart
prostration
desolation, bouleversement [Fr.], wreck, wrack, shipwreck, cataclysm
washout. extinction, annihilation
destruction of life &c.
knock-down blow
doom, crack of doom. destroying &c. v.
demolition, demolishment
overthrow, subversion, suppression
abolition &c. (abrogation)
biblioclasm
sacrifice
ravage, razzia
inactivation
incendiarism
revolution &c.
extirpation &c. (extraction)
beginning of the end, commencement de la fin [Fr.], road to ruin
dilapidation &c. (deterioration)
sabotage. V. be destroyed &c.
perish
fall to the ground
tumble, topple
go to pieces, fall to pieces
break up
crumble to dust
go to the dogs, go to the wall, go to smash, go to shivers, go to wreck, go to pot, go to wrack and ruin
go by the board, go all to smash
be all over, be all up, be all with
totter to its fall. destroy
do away with, make away with
nullify
annual &c.
sacrifice, demolish
tear up
overturn, overthrow, overwhelm
upset, subvert, put an end to
seal the doom of, do in, do for, dish [Slang], undo
break up, cut up
break down, cut down, pull down, mow down, blow down, beat down
suppress, quash, put down, do a job on
cut short, take off, blot out
dispel, dissipate, dissolve
consume. smash, crash, quell, squash, squelch, crumple up, shatter, shiver
batter to pieces, tear to pieces, crush to pieces, cut to pieces, shake to pieces, pull to pieces, pick to pieces
laniate
nip
tear to rags, tear to tatters
crush to atoms, knock to atoms
ruin
strike out
throw over, knock down over
fell, sink, swamp, scuttle, wreck, shipwreck, engulf, ingulf, submerge
lay in ashes, lay in ruins
sweep away, erase, wipe out, expunge, raze
level with the dust, level with the ground
waste
atomize, vaporize. deal destruction, desolate, devastate, lay waste, ravage gut
disorganize
dismantle &c. (render useless)
devour, swallow up, sap, mine, blast, bomb, blow to smithereens, drop the big one, confound
exterminate, extinguish, quench, annihilate
snuff out, put out, stamp out, trample out
lay in the dust, trample in the dust
prostrate
tread under foot
crush under foot, trample under foot
lay the ax to the root of
make short work of, make clean sweep of, make mincemeat of
cut up root and branch, chop into pieces, cut into ribbons
fling to the winds, scatter to the winds
throw overboard
strike at the root of, sap the foundations of, spring a mine, blow up, ravage with fire and sword
cast to the dogs
eradicate &c.. Adj. destroyed &c. v.
perishing &c. v.
trembling to its fall, nodding to its fall, tottering to its fall
in course of destruction &c. n.
extinct. all-destroying, all-devouring, all-engulfing. destructive, subversive, ruinous, devastating
incendiary, deletory
destroying &c. n.. suicidal
deadly &c. (killing). Adv. with crushing effect, with a sledge hammer. Phr. delenda est Carthago [Lat.]
dum Roma deliberat Saguntum perit [Lat.]
ecrasez l'infame [Voltaire].
