violence, inclemency, vehemence, might, impetuosity
boisterousness &c. adj.
effervescence, ebullition
turbulence, bluster
uproar, callithump [U.S.], riot, row, rumpus, le diable a quatre [Fr.], devil to pay, all the fat in the fire. severity &c.
ferocity, rage, fury
exacerbation, exasperation, malignity
fit, paroxysm
orgasm, climax, aphrodisia
force, brute force
outrage
coup de main
strain, shock, shog
spasm, convulsion, throe
hysterics, passion &c. (state of excitability). outbreak, outburst
debacle
burst, bounce, dissilience, discharge, volley, explosion, blow up, blast, detonation, rush, eruption, displosion, torrent. turmoil &c. (disorder)
ferment &c. (agitation)
storm, tempest, rough weather
squall &c. (wind)
earthquake, volcano, thunderstorm. berserk, berserker
fury, dragon, demon, tiger, beldame, Tisiphone, Megaera, Alecto, madcap, wild beast
fire eater &c. (blusterer). V. be violent &c. adj.
run high
ferment, effervesce
romp, rampage, go on a rampage
run wild, run amuck, run riot
break the peace
rush, tear
rush headlong, rush foremost
raise a storm, make a riot
rough house [Slang]
riot, storm
wreak, bear down, ride roughshod, out Herod, Herod
spread like wildfire (person). [shout or act in anger at something], explode, make a row, kick up a row
boil, boil over
fume, foam, come on like a lion, bluster, rage, roar, fly off the handle, go bananas, go ape, blow one's top, blow one's cool, flip one's lid, hit the ceiling, hit the roof
fly into a rage (anger). break out, fly out, burst out
bounce, explode, go off, displode, fly, detonate, thunder, blow up, crump, flash, flare, burst
shock, strain
break open, force open, prize open. render violent &c. adj.
sharpen, stir up, quicken, excite, incite, annoy, urge, lash, stimulate, turn on
irritate, inflame, kindle, suscitate, foment
accelerate, aggravate, exasperate, exacerbate, convulse, infuriate, madden, lash into fury
fan the flame
add fuel to the flame, pour oil on the fire, oleum addere camino [Lat.]. explode
let fly, fly off
discharge, detonate, set off, detonize, fulminate. Adj. violent, vehement
warm
acute, sharp
rough, rude, ungentle, bluff, boisterous, wild
brusque, abrupt, waspish
impetuous
rampant. turbulent
disorderly
blustering, raging &c. v.
troublous, riotous
tumultuary, tumultuous
obstreperous, uproarious
extravagant
unmitigated
ravening, inextinguishable, tameless
frenzied &c. (insane). desperate &c. (rash)
infuriate, furious, outrageous, frantic, hysteric, in hysterics. fiery, flaming, scorching, hot, red-hot, ebullient. savage, fierce, ferocious, fierce as a tiger. excited &c. v.
unquelled, unquenched, unextinguished, unrepressed, unbridled, unruly
headstrong, ungovernable, unappeasable, immitigable, unmitigable
uncontrollable, incontrollable
insuppressible, irrepressible
orgastic, orgasmatic, orgasmic. spasmodic, convulsive, explosive
detonating &c. v.
volcanic, meteoric
stormy &c. (wind). violently &c. adj.
amain
by storm, by force, by main force
with might and main
tooth and nail, vi et armis [Lat.], at the point of the sword, at the point of the bayonet
at one fell swoop
with a high hand, through thick and thin
in desperation, with a vengeance
a outrance, a toute outrance [Fr.]
headlong, head foremost. Phr. furor arma ministrat [Lat.]
