receptacle
inclosure &c.
recipient, receiver, reservatory. compartment
cell, cellule
follicle
hole, corner, niche, recess, nook
crypt, stall, pigeonhole, cove, oriel
cave &c. (concavity). capsule, vesicle, cyst, pod, calyx, cancelli, utricle, bladder
pericarp, udder. stomach, paunch, venter, ventricle, crop, craw, maw, gizzard, breadbasket
mouth. pocket, pouch, fob, sheath, scabbard, socket, bag, sac, sack, saccule, wallet, cardcase, scrip, poke, knit, knapsack, haversack, sachel, satchel, reticule, budget, net
ditty bag, ditty box
housewife, hussif
saddlebags
portfolio
quiver &c. (magazine). chest, box, coffer, caddy, case, casket, pyx, pix, caisson, desk, bureau, reliquary
trunk, portmanteau, band-box, valise
grip, grip sack [U.S.]
skippet, vasculum
boot, imperial
vache
cage, manger, rack. vessel, vase, bushel, barrel
canister, jar
pottle, basket, pannier, buck-basket, hopper, maund, creel, cran, crate, cradle, bassinet, wisket, whisket, jardiniere, corbeille, hamper, dosser, dorser, tray, hod, scuttle, utensil
brazier
cuspidor, spittoon. [For liquids] cistern &c. (store)
vat, caldron, barrel, cask, drum, puncheon, keg, rundlet, tun, butt, cag, firkin, kilderkin, carboy, amphora, bottle, jar, decanter, ewer, cruse, caraffe, crock, kit, canteen, flagon
demijohn
flask, flasket
stoup, noggin, vial, phial, cruet, caster
urn, epergne, salver, patella, tazza, patera
pig gin, big gin
tyg, nipperkin, pocket pistol
tub, bucket, pail, skeel, pot, tankard, jug, pitcher, mug, pipkin
galipot, gallipot
matrass, receiver, retort, alembic, bolthead, capsule, can, kettle
bowl, basin, jorum, punch bowl, cup, goblet, chalice, tumbler, glass, rummer, horn, saucepan, skillet, posnet, tureen. [laboratory vessels for liquids] beaker, flask, Erlenmeyer flask, Florence flask, round-bottom flask, graduated cylinder, test tube, culture tube, pipette, Pasteur pipette, disposable pipette, syringe, vial, carboy, vacuum flask, Petri dish, microtiter tray, centrifuge tube. bail, beaker, billy, canakin
catch basin, catch drain
chatti, lota, mussuk, schooner [U.S.], spider, terrine, toby, urceus. plate, platter, dish, trencher, calabash, porringer, potager, saucer, pan, crucible
glassware, tableware
vitrics. compote, gravy boat, creamer, sugar bowl, butter dish, mug, pitcher, punch bowl, chafing dish. shovel, trowel, spoon, spatula, ladle, dipper, tablespoon, watch glass, thimble. closet, commode, cupboard, cellaret, chiffonniere, locker, bin, bunker, buffet, press, clothespress, safe, sideboard, drawer, chest of drawers, chest on chest, highboy, lowboy, till, scrutoire, secretary, secretaire, davenport, bookcase, cabinet, canterbury
escritoire, etagere, vargueno, vitrine. chamber, apartment, room, cabin
office, court, hall, atrium
suite of rooms, apartment [U.S.], flat, story
saloon, salon, parlor
by-room, cubicle
presence chamber
sitting room, best room, keeping room, drawing room, reception room, state room
gallery, cabinet, closet
pew, box
boudoir
adytum, sanctum
bedroom, dormitory
refectory, dining room, salle-a-manger
nursery, schoolroom
library, study
studio
billiard room, smoking room
den
stateroom, tablinum, tenement. [room for defecation and urination] bath room, bathroom, toilet, lavatory, powder room
john, jakes, necessary, loo
[in public places] men's room, ladies' room, rest room
[fixtures] (uncleanness). attic, loft, garret, cockloft, clerestory
cellar, vault, hold, cockpit
cubbyhole
cook house
entre-sol
mezzanine floor
ground floor, rez-de-chaussee
basement, kitchen, pantry, bawarchi-khana, scullery, offices
storeroom &c. (depository)
lumber room
dairy, laundry. coach house
garage
hangar
outhouse
penthouse
lean-to. portico, porch, stoop, stope, veranda, patio, lanai, terrace, deck
lobby, court, courtyard, hall, vestibule, corridor, passage, breezeway
ante room, ante chamber
lounge
piazza, veranda. conservatory, greenhouse, bower, arbor, summerhouse, alcove, grotto, hermitage. lodging &c. (abode)
bed &c. (support)
carriage &c. (vehicle). Adj. capsular
saccular, sacculated
recipient
ventricular, cystic, vascular, vesicular, cellular, camerated, locular, multilocular, polygastric
marsupial
siliquose, siliquous.
