N. support, ground, foundation, base, basis
terra firma
bearing, fulcrum, bait [U.S.], caudex crib
point d'appui [Fr.], pou sto [Gr.], purchase footing, hold, locus standi [Lat.]
landing place, landing stage
stage, platform
block
rest, resting place
groundwork, substratum, riprap, sustentation, subvention
floor &c. (basement). supporter
aid &c.
prop, stand, anvil, fulciment
cue rest, jigger
monkey
stay, shore, skid, rib, truss, bandage
sleeper
stirrup, stilts, shoe, sole, heel, splint, lap, bar, rod, boom, sprit, outrigger
ratlings. staff, stick, crutch, alpenstock, baton, staddle
bourdon, cowlstaff, lathi, mahlstick. post, pillar, shaft, thill, column, pilaster
pediment, pedicle
pedestal
plinth, shank, leg, socle, zocle
buttress, jamb, mullion, abutment
baluster, banister, stanchion
balustrade
headstone
upright
door post, jamb, door jamb. frame, framework
scaffold, skeleton, beam, rafter, girder, lintel, joist, travis, trave, corner stone, summer, transom
rung, round, step, sill
angle rafter, hip rafter
cantilever, modillion
crown post, king post
vertebra. columella, backbone
keystone
axle, axletree
axis
arch, mainstay. trunnion, pivot, rowlock
peg &c. (pendency)
tiebeam &c. (fastening)
thole pin. board, ledge, shelf, hob, bracket, trevet, trivet, arbor, rack
mantel, mantle piece [Fr.], mantleshelf
slab, console
counter, dresser
flange, corbel
table, trestle
shoulder
perch
horse
easel, desk
clotheshorse, hatrack
retable
teapoy. seat, throne, dais
divan, musnud
chair, bench, form, stool, sofa, settee, stall
arm chair, easy chair, elbow chair, rocking chair
couch, fauteuil [Fr.], woolsack, ottoman, settle, squab, bench
aparejo, faldstool, horn
long chair, long sleeve chair, morris chair
lamba chauki, lamba kursi
saddle, pannel, pillion
side saddle, pack saddle
pommel. bed, berth, pallet, tester, crib, cot, hammock, shakedown, trucklebed, cradle, litter, stretcher, bedstead
four poster, French bed, bunk, kip, palang
bedding, bichhona, mattress, paillasse
pillow, bolster
mat, rug, cushion. footstool, hassock
tabouret
tripod, monopod. Atlas, Persides, Atlantes, Caryatides, Hercules. V. be supported &c.
lie on, sit on, recline on, lean on, loll on, rest on, stand on, step on, repose on, abut on, bear on, be based on &c.
have at one's back
bestride, bestraddle. support, bear, carry, hold, sustain, shoulder
hold up, back up, bolster up, shore up
uphold, upbear
prop
under prop, under pin, under set
riprap
bandage &c.. give support, furnish support, afford support, supply support, lend support, give foundations, furnish foundations, afford foundations, supply foundations, lend foundations
bottom, found, base, ground, imbed, embed. maintain, keep on foot
aid &c.. Adj. supporting, supported &c. v.
fundamental
dorsigerous. astride on, straddle.
