N. travel
traveling &c. v.. wayfaring, campaigning. journey, excursion, expedition, tour, trip, grand tour, circuit, peregrination, discursion, ramble, pilgrimage, hajj, trek, course, ambulation, march, walk, promenade, constitutional, stroll, saunter, tramp, jog trot, turn, stalk, perambulation
noctambulation, noctambulism
somnambulism
outing, ride, drive, airing, jaunt. equitation, horsemanship, riding, manege [Fr.], ride and tie
basophobia. roving, vagrancy, pererration
marching and countermarching
nomadism
vagabondism, vagabondage
hoboism [U.S.]
gadding
flit, flitting, migration
emigration, immigration, demigration, intermigration
wanderlust. plan, itinerary, guide
handbook, guidebook, road book
Baedeker, Bradshaw, Murray
map, road map, transportation guide, subway map. procession, cavalcade, caravan, file, cortege, column. [Organs and instruments of locomotion] vehicle &c.
automobile, train, bus, airplane, plane, autobus, omnibus, subway, motorbike, dirt bike, off-road vehicle, van, minivan, motor scooter, trolley, locomotive
legs, feet, pegs, pins, trotters. traveler &c.. depot [U.S.], railway station, station. V. travel, journey, course
take a journey, go a journey
take a walk, go out for walk &c. n.
have a run
take the air. flit, take wing
migrate, emigrate
trek
rove, prowl, roam, range, patrol, pace up and down, traverse
scour the country, traverse the country
peragrate
circumambulate, perambulate
nomadize, wander, ramble, stroll, saunter, hover, go one's rounds, straggle
gad, gad about
expatiate. walk, march, step, tread, pace, plod, wend, go by shank's mare
promenade
trudge, tramp
stalk, stride, straddle, strut, foot it, hoof it, stump, bundle, bowl along, toddle
paddle
tread a path. take horse, ride, drive, trot, amble, canter, prance, fisk, frisk, caracoler, caracole
gallop &c. (move quickly). [start riding] embark, board, set out, hit the road, get going, get underway. peg on, jog on, wag on, shuffle on
stir one's stumps
bend one's steps, bend one's course
make one's way, find one's way, wend one's way, pick one's way, pick one's way, thread one's way, plow one's way
slide, glide, coast, skim, skate
march in procession, file on, defile. go to, repair to, resort to, hie to, betake oneself to. traveling &c. v.
ambulatory, itinerant, peripatetic, roving, rambling, gadding, discursive, vagrant, migratory, monadic
circumforanean, circumforaneous
noctivagrant, mundivagrant
locomotive. wayfaring, wayworn
travel-stained. on foot, on horseback, on Shanks's mare
by the Marrowbone stage
in transitu [Lat.] &c.
en route &c.. Int. come along!,
