N. vehicle, conveyance, carriage, caravan, van
common carrier
wagon, waggon, wain, dray, cart, lorry. truck, tram
cariole, carriole
limber, tumbrel, pontoon
barrow
wheel barrow, hand barrow
perambulator
Bath chair, wheel chair, sedan chair
chaise
palankeen, palanquin
litter, brancard, crate, hurdle, stretcher, ambulance
black Maria
conestoga wagon, conestoga wain
jinrikisha, ricksha, brett, dearborn [U.S.], dump cart, hack, hackery, jigger, kittereen, mailstate, manomotor, rig, rockaway, prairie schooner [U.S.], shay, sloven, team, tonga, wheel
hobbyhorse, go-cart
cycle
bicycle, bike, two-wheeler
tricycle, velocipede, quadricycle. equipage, turn-out
coach, chariot, phaeton, break, mail phaeton, wagonette, drag, curricle, tilbury, whisky, landau, barouche, victoria, brougham, clarence, calash, caleche [Fr.], britzka, araba, kibitka
berlin
sulky, desobligeant [Fr.], sociable, vis-a-vis, dormeuse [Fr.]
jaunting car, outside car
dandi
doolie, dooly
munchil, palki
roller skates, skate
runabout
ski
tonjon
vettura. post chaise, diligence, stage
stage coach, mail coach, hackney coach, glass coach
stage wagon, car, omnibus, fly, cabriolet, cab, hansom, shofle, four-wheeler, growler, droshki, drosky. dogcart, trap, whitechapel, buggy, four-in-hand, unicorn, random, tandem
shandredhan, char-a-bancs [Fr.]. motor car, automobile, limousine, car, auto, jalopy, clunker, lemon, flivver, coupe, sedan, two-door sedan, four-door sedan, luxury sedan
wheels [Coll.], sports car, roadster, gran turismo [It], jeep, four-wheel drive vehicle, electric car, steamer
golf cart, electric wagon
taxicab, cab, taxicoach, checker cab, yellow cab
station wagon, family car
motorcycle, motor bike, side car
van, minivan, bus, minibus, microbus
truck, wagon, pick-up wagon, pick-up, tractor-trailer, road train, articulated vehicle
racing car, racer, hot rod, stock car, souped-up car. bob, bobsled, bobsleigh
cutter
double ripper, double runner [U.S.]
jumper, sled, sledge, sleigh, toboggan. train
accommodation train, passenger train, express trail, special train, corridor train, parliamentary train, luggage train, freight train, goods train
1st class train, 2nd class train, 3rd class train, 1st class carriage, 2nd class carriage, 3rd class carriage, 1st class compartment, 2nd class compartment, 3rd class compartment
rolling stock
horse box, cattle truck
baggage car, express car, freight car, parlor car, dining car, Pullman car, sleeping car, sleeper, dome car
surface car, tram car, trolley car
box car, box wagon
horse car [U.S.]
bullet train, shinkansen [Jap.], cannonball, the Wabash cannonball, lightning express
luggage van
mail, mail car, mail van. shovel, spool, spatula, ladle, hod, hoe
spade, spaddle, loy
spud
pitchfork
post hole digger. [powered construction vehicles] tractor, steamshovel, backhoe, fork lift, earth mover, dump truck, bulldozer, grader, caterpillar, trench digger, steamroller
pile driver
crane, wrecking crane.
