N. ship, vessel, sail
craft, bottom. navy, marine, fleet, flotilla
shipping. man of war &c. (combatant)
transport, tender, storeship
merchant ship, merchantman
packet, liner
whaler, slaver, collier, coaster, lighter
fishing boat, pilot boat
trawler, hulk
yacht
baggala
floating hotel, floating palace
ocean greyhound. ship, bark, barque, brig, snow, hermaphrodite brig
brigantine, barkantine
schooner
topsail schooner, for and aft schooner, three masted schooner
chasse-maree [Fr.]
sloop, cutter, corvette, clipper, foist, yawl, dandy, ketch, smack, lugger, barge, hoy, cat, buss
sailer, sailing vessel
windjammer
steamer, steamboat, steamship, liner, ocean liner, cruisp, flap, dab, pat, thump, beat, blow, bang, slam, dash
punch, thwack, whack
hit hard, strike hard
swap, batter, dowse, baste
pelt, patter, buffet, belabor
fetch one a blow
poke at, pip, ship of the line
destroyer, cruiser, frigate
landing ship, LST
aircraft carrier, carrier, flattop [Coll.], nuclear powered carrier
submarine, submersible, atomic submarine. boat, pinnace, launch
life boat, long boat, jolly boat, bum boat, fly boat, cock boat, ferry boat, canal boat
swamp boat, ark, bully, battery, bateau [Can.], broadhorn, dory, droger, drogher
dugout, durham boat, flatboat, galiot
shallop, gig, funny, skiff, dingy, scow, cockleshell, wherry, coble, punt, cog, kedge, lerret
eight oar, four oar, pair oar
randan
outrigger
float, raft, pontoon
prame
iceboat, ice canoe, ice yacht. catamaran, hydroplane, hovercraft, coracle, gondola, carvel, caravel
felucca, caique, canoe, birch bark canoe, dugout canoe
galley, galleyfoist
bilander, dogger, hooker, howker
argosy, carack
galliass, galleon
polacca, polacre, tartane, junk, lorcha, praam, proa, prahu, saick, sampan, xebec, dhow
dahabeah
nuggah
kayak, keel boat [U.S.], log canoe, pirogue
quadrireme, trireme
stern-wheeler [U.S.]
wanigan, wangan [U.S.], wharf boat. balloon
airship, aeroplane
biplane, monoplane, triplane
hydroplane
aerodrome
air balloon, pilot balloon, fire balloon, dirigible, zeppelin
aerostat, Montgolfier
kite, parachute. jet plane, rocket plane, jet liner, turbojet, prop-jet, propeller plane
corporate plane, corporate jet, private plane, private aviation
airline, common carrier
fighter, bomber, fighter-bomber, escort plane, spy plane
supersonic aircraft, subsonic aircraft. Adv. afloat, aboard
on board, on ship board
hard a lee, hard a port, hard a starboard, hard a weather.
