N. agitation, stir, tremor, shake, ripple, jog, jolt, jar, jerk, shock, succussion, trepidation, quiver, quaver, dance
jactitation, quassation
shuffling &c. v.
twitter, flicker, flutter. turbulence, perturbation
commotion, turmoil, disquiet
tumult, tumultuation
hubbub, rout, bustle, fuss, racket, subsultus, staggers, megrims, epilepsy, fits
carphology, chorea, floccillation, the jerks, St. Vitus's dance, tilmus. spasm, throe, throb, palpitation, convulsion. disturbance, chaos &c. (disorder)
restlessness &c. (changeableness). ferment, fermentation
ebullition, effervescence, hurly-burly, cahotage
tempest, storm, ground swell, heavy sea, whirlpool, vortex &c.
whirlwind &c. (wind). V. be agitated &c.
shake
tremble, tremble like an aspen leaf
quiver, quaver, quake, shiver, twitter, twire, writhe, toss, shuffle, tumble, stagger, bob, reel, sway, wag, waggle
wriggle, wriggle like an eel
dance, stumble, shamble, flounder, totter, flounce, flop, curvet, prance, cavort [U.S.]
squirm. throb, pulsate, beat, palpitate, go pitapat
flutter, flitter, flicker, bicker
bustle. ferment, effervesce, foam
boil, boil over
bubble up
simmer. toss about, jump about
jump like a parched pea
shake like an aspen leaf
shake to its center, shake to its foundations
be the sport of the winds and waves
reel to and fro like a drunken man
move from post to pillar and from pillar to move from post to pillar and from pillar to post, drive from post to pillar and from pillar to drive from post to pillar and from pillar to post, keep between hawk and buzzard. agitate, shake, convulse, toss, tumble, bandy, wield, brandish, flap, flourish, whisk, jerk, hitch, jolt
jog, joggle, jostle, buffet, hustle, disturb, stir, shake up, churn, jounce, wallop, whip, vellicate. Adj. shaking &c. v.
agitated tremulous
desultory, subsultory
saltatoric
quasative
shambling
giddy-paced, saltatory, convulsive, unquiet, restless, all of a twitter. Adv. by fits and starts
subsultorily &c. adj. †
per saltum [Lat.]
hop skip and jump
in convulsions, in fits. Phr. tempete dans un verre d'eau [Fr.].
