N. running water. jet, spirt, spurt, squirt, spout, spray, splash, rush, gush, jet d'eau [Fr.]
sluice. water spout, water fall
cascade, force, foss
lin, linn
ghyll, Niagara
cataract, rapids, white water, catadupe, cataclysm
debacle, inundation, deluge
chute, washout. rain, rainfall
serein
shower, scud
downpour
driving rain, drenching rain, cloudburst
hyetology, hyetography
predominance of Aquarius, reign of St. Swithin
mizzle, drizzle, stillicidum, plash
dropping &c. v.
falling weather
northeaster, hurricane, typhoon. stream, course, flux, flow, profluence
effluence &c. (egress)
defluxion
flowing &c. v.
current, tide, race, coulee. spring, artesian well, fount, fountain
rill, rivulet, gill, gullet, rillet
streamlet, brooklet
branch [U.S.]
runnel, sike, burn, beck, creek, brook, bayou, stream, river
reach, tributary. geyser, spout, waterspout. body of water, torrent, rapids, flush, flood, swash
spring tide, high tide, full tide
bore, tidal bore, eagre, hygre
fresh, freshet
indraught, reflux, undercurrent, eddy, vortex, gurge, whirlpool, Maelstrom, regurgitation, overflow
confluence, corrivation. wave, billow, surge, swell, ripple
anerythmon gelasma [Gr.]
beach comber, riffle [U.S.], rollers, ground swell, surf, breakers, white horses, whitecaps
rough sea, heavy sea, high seas, cross sea, long sea, short sea, chopping sea. [Science of fluids in motion] hydrodynamics
hydraulics, hydraulicostatics
rain gauge, flowmeter
pegology. irrigation &c. (water)
pump
watering pot, watering cart
hydrant, syringe
garden hose, lawn spray
bhisti, mussuk. V. flow, run
meander
gush, pour, spout, roll, jet, well, issue
drop, drip, dribble, plash, spirtle, trill, trickle, distill, percolate
stream, overflow, inundate, deluge, flow over, splash, swash
guggle, murmur, babble, bubble, purl, gurgle, sputter, spurt, spray, regurgitate
ooze, flow out &c. (egress). rain hard, rain in torrents, rain cats and dogs, rain pitchforks
pour with rain, drizzle, spit, set in
mizzle. flow into, fall into, open into, drain into
discharge itself, disembogue. [Cause a flow] pour
pour out &c. (discharge)
shower down, irrigate, drench &c. (wet)
spill, splash. [Stop a flow] stanch
dam, up &c. (close)
obstruct &c.. Adj. fluent
diffluent, profluent, affluent
tidal
flowing &c. v.
meandering, meandry, meandrous
fluvial, fluviatile
streamy, showery, rainy, pluvial, stillicidous
