N. killing &c. v.
homicide, manslaughter, murder, assassination, trucidation, iccusion
effusion of blood
blood, blood shed
gore, slaughter, carnage, butchery
battue. massacre
fusillade, noyade
thuggery, Thuggism. deathblow, finishing stroke, coup de grace, quietus
execution &c. (capital punishment)
judicial murder
martyrdom. butcher, slayer, murderer, Cain, assassin, terrorist, cutthroat, garroter, bravo, Thug, Moloch, matador, sabreur
guet-a-pens
gallows, executioner &c. (punishment)
man-eater, apache, hatchet man [U.S.], highbinder [U.S.]. regicide, parricide, matricide, fratricide, infanticide, feticide, foeticide, uxoricide, vaticide. suicide, felo de se, hara-kiri, suttee, Juggernath
immolation, auto da fe, holocaust. suffocation, strangulation, garrote
hanging &c. v.
lapidation. deadly weapon &c. (arms)
Aceldama. [Destruction of animals] slaughtering
phthisozoics
sport, sporting
the chase, venery
hunting, coursing, shooting, fishing
pig-sticking
sportsman, huntsman, fisherman
hunter, Nimrod
slaughterhouse, meat packing plant, shambles, abattoir. fatal accident, violent death, casualty. V. kill, put to death, slay, shed blood
murder, assassinate, butcher, slaughter, victimize, immolate
massacre
take away life, deprive of life
make away with, put an end to
despatch, dispatch
burke, settle, do for. strangle, garrote, hang, throttle, choke, stifle, suffocate, stop the breath, smother, asphyxiate, drown. saber
cut down, cut to pieces, cut the throat
jugulate
stab, run through the body, bayonet, eviscerate
put to the sword, put to the edge of the sword. shoot dead
blow one's brains out
brain, knock on the head
stone, lapidate
give a deathblow
deal a deathblow
give a quietus, give a coupe de grace. behead, bowstring, electrocute, gas &c. (execute). hunt, shoot &c. n.. cut off, nip in the bud, launch into eternity, send to one's last account, sign one's death warrant, strike the death knell of. give no quarter, pour out blood like water
decimate
run amuck
wade knee deep in blood, imbrue one's hands in blood. die a violent death, welter in one's blood
dash out one's brains, blow out one's brains
commit suicide
kill oneself, make away with oneself, put an end to oneself, put an end to it all. Adj. killing &c. v.
murderous, slaughterous
sanguinary, sanguinolent
blood stained, blood thirsty
homicidal, red handed
bloody, bloody minded
ensanguined, gory
thuggish. mortal, fatal, lethal
dead, deadly
mortiferous, lethiferous
unhealthy &c.
internecine
suicidal. sporting
