N. light, ray, beam, stream, gleam, streak, pencil
sunbeam, moonbeam
aurora. day
sunshine
light of day, light of heaven
moonlight, starlight, sunlight &c. (luminary)
daylight, broad daylight, noontide light
noontide, noonday, noonday sun. glow &c. v.
glimmering &c. v.
glint
play of light, flood of light
phosphorescence, lambent flame. flush, halo, glory, nimbus, aureola. spark, scintilla
facula
sparkling &c. v.
emication, scintillation, flash, blaze, coruscation, fulguration
flame &c. (fire)
lightning, levin, ignis fatuus [Lat.], &c. (luminary). luster, sheen, shimmer, reflexion [Brit.], reflection
gloss, tinsel, spangle, brightness, brilliancy, splendor
effulgence, refulgence
fulgor, fulgidity
dazzlement, resplendence, transplendency
luminousness &c. adj.
luminosity
lucidity
renitency, nitency
radiance, radiation
irradiation, illumination. actinic rays, actinism
Roentgen-ray, Xray
photography, heliography
photometer &c.. [Science of light] optics
photology, photometry
dioptrics, catoptrics. [Distribution of light] chiaroscuro, clairobscur, clear obscure, breadth, light and shade, black and white, tonality. reflection, refraction, dispersion
refractivity. V. shine, glow, glitter
glister, glisten
twinkle, gleam
flare, flare up
glare, beam, shimmer, glimmer, flicker, sparkle, scintillate, coruscate, flash, blaze
be bright &c. adj.
reflect light, daze, dazzle, bedazzle, radiate, shoot out beams
fulgurate. clear up, brighten. lighten, enlighten
levin
light, light up
irradiate, shine upon
give out a light, hang out a light
cast light upon, cast light in, throw light upon, throw light in, shed light upon, shed luster upon
illume, illumine, illuminate
relume, strike a light
kindle &c. (set fire to). shining &c. v.
luminous, luminiferous
lucid, lucent, luculent, lucific, luciferous
light, lightsome
bright, vivid, splendent, nitid, lustrous, shiny, beamy, scintillant, radiant, lambent
sheen, sheeny
glossy, burnished, glassy, sunny, orient, meridian
noonday, tide
cloudless, clear
unclouded, unobscured. gairish, garish
resplendent, transplendent
refulgent, effulgent
fulgid, fulgent
relucent, splendid, blazing, in a blaze, ablaze, rutilant, meteoric, phosphorescent
aglow. bright as silver
light as day, bright as day, light as noonday, bright as noonday, bright as the sun at noonday. actinic
photogenic, graphic
heliographic
