optical instruments
lens, meniscus, magnifier, sunglass, magnifying glass, hand lens
microscope, megascope, tienoscope. spectacles, specs [Coll.], glasses, barnacles, goggles, eyeglass, pince-nez, monocle, reading glasses, bifocals
contact lenses, soft lenses, hard lenses
sunglasses, shades [Coll.]. periscopic lens
telescope, glass, lorgnette
spyglass, opera glass, binocular, binoculars, field glass
burning glass, convex lens, concave lens, convexo-concave lens, coated lens, multiple lens, compound lens, lens system, telephoto lens, wide-angle lens, fish-eye lens, zoom lens
optical bench. astronomical telescope, reflecting telescope, reflector, refracting telescope, refractor, Newtonian telescope, folded-path telescope, finder telescope, chromatoscope
X-ray telescope
radiotelescope, phased-array telescope, Very Large Array radiotelescope
ultraviolet telescope
infrared telescope
star spectroscope
space telescope. [telescope mounts] altazimuth mount, equatorial mount. refractometer, circular dichroism spectrometer. interferometer. phase-contrast microscope, fluorescence microscope, dissecting microscope
electron microscope, transmission electron microscope
scanning electron microscope, SEM
scanning tunneling electron microscope. [microscope components] objective lens, eyepiece, barrel, platform, focusing knob
slide, slide glass, cover glass, counting chamber
illuminator, light source, polarizer, [component parts of telescopes] reticle, cross-hairs. light pipe, fiber optics mirror, reflector, speculum
looking-glass, pier-glass, cheval-glass, rear-view mirror, hand mirror, one-way mirror, magnifying mirror. [room with distorting mirrors] fun house. prism, diffraction grating
beam splitter, half-wave plate, quarter-wave plate. camera lucida [Lat.], camera obscura [Lat.]
magic lantern &c. (show)
stereopticon
chromatrope, thaumatrope
stereoscope, pseudoscope, polyscope, kaleidoscope. photometer, eriometer, actinometer, lucimeter, radiometer
ligth detector, photodiode, photomultiplier, photodiode array, photocell. X-ray diffractometer, goniometer. spectrometer, monochrometer, UV spectrometer, visible spectrometer, Infrared spectrometer, Fourier transform infrared spectrometer, recording spectrometer
densitometer, scanning densitometer, two-dimensional densitometer. abdominoscope, gastroscope [Med.], helioscope, polariscope, polemoscope, spectroscope. abdominoscopy
gastroscopy [Med.]
microscopy, microscopist.
