N. thought
exercitation of the intellect, exercise of the intellect
intellection
reflection, cogitation, consideration, meditation, study, lucubration, speculation, deliberation, pondering
head work, brain work
cerebration
deep reflection
close study, application &c. (attention). abstract thought, abstraction contemplation, musing
brown study &c. (inattention)
reverie, Platonism
depth of thought, workings of the mind, thoughts, inmost thoughts
self-counsel self-communing, self-consultation
philosophy of the Absolute, philosophy of the Academy, philosophy of the Garden, philosophy of the lyceum, philosophy of the Porch. association of thought, succession of thought, flow of thought, train of thought, current of thought, association of ideas, succession of ideas, flow of ideas, train of ideas, current of ideas. after thought, mature thought
reconsideration, second thoughts
retrospection &c. (memory)
excogitation
examination &c. (inquiry)
invention &c. (imagination). thoughtfulness &c. adj.. V. think, reflect, cogitate, excogitate, consider, deliberate
bestow thought upon, bestow consideration upon
speculate, contemplate, meditate, ponder, muse, dream, ruminate
brood over, con over
animadvert, study
bend the mind, apply the mind &c. (attend)
digest, discuss, hammer at, weigh, perpend
realize, appreciate
fancy &c. (imagine)
trow. take into consideration
take counsel &c. (be advised)
commune with oneself, bethink oneself
collect one's thoughts
revolve in the mind, turn over in the mind, run over in the mind
chew the cud upon, sleep upon
take counsel of one's pillow, advise with one's pillow. rack one's brains, ransack one's brains, crack one's brains, beat one's brains, cudgel one's brains
set one's brain to work, set one's wits to work. harbor an idea, entertain an idea, cherish an idea, nurture an idea &c.
take into one's head
bear in mind
reconsider. occur
present itself, suggest itself
come into one's head, get into one's head
strike one, flit across the view, come uppermost, run in one s head
enter the mind, pass in the mind, cross the mind, flash on the mind, flash across the mind, float in the mind, fasten itself on the mind, be uppermost in the mind, occupy the mind
have in one's mind. make an impression
sink into the mind, penetrate into the mind
engross the thoughts. Adj. thinking &c. v.
thoughtful, pensive, meditative, reflective, museful, wistful, contemplative, speculative, deliberative, studious, sedate, introspective, Platonic, philosophical. lost in thought &c. (inattentive)
deep musing &c. (intent). in the mind, under consideration. Adv. all things considered. Phr. the mind being on the stretch
the mind turning upon, the head turning upon, the mind running upon
en toute chose il faut considerer la fin [Fr.]
vivere est cogitare [Lat.] [Cicero]
Volk der Dichter und Denker [G.].
