attention
mindfulness, presence of mind &c. adj.
intentness, intentiveness
alertness
thought &c.
advertence, advertency
observance, observation
consideration, reflection, perpension
heed
heedfulness
particularity
notice, regard &c. v.
circumspection, diligence &c. (care)
study, scrutiny inspection, introspection
revision, revisal. active application, diligent application, exclusive application, minute application, close application, intense application, deep application, profound application, abstract application, labored application, deliberate application, active attention, diligent attention, exclusive attention, minute attention, close attention, intense attention, deep attention, profound attention, abstract attention, labored attention, deliberate attention, active thought, diligent thought, exclusive thought, minute thought, close thought, intense thought, deep thought, profound thought, abstract thought, labored thought, deliberate thought, active study, diligent study, exclusive study, minute study, close study, intense study, deep study, profound study, abstract study, labored study, deliberate study. minuteness, attention to detail. absorption of mind &c. (abstraction). indication, calling attention to &c. v.. V. be attentive &c. adj.
attend, advert to, observe, look, see, view, remark, notice, regard, take notice, mark
give attention to, pay attention to, pay heed to, give heed to
incline an ear to, lend an ear to
trouble one's head about
give a thought to, animadvert to
occupy oneself with
contemplate &c. (think of)
look at, look to, look after, look into, look over
see to
turn the mind to, bend the mind to, apply the mind to, direct the mind to, give the mind to, turn the eye to, bend the eye to, apply the eye to, direct the eye to, give the eye to, turn the attention to, bend the attention to, apply the attention to, direct the attention to, give the attention to
have an eye to, have in one's eye
bear in mind
take into account, take into consideration
keep in sight, keep in view
have regard to, heed, mind, take cognizance of entertain, recognize
make note of, take note of
note. examine cursorily
glance at, glance upon, glance over
cast the eyes over, pass the eyes over
run over, turn over the leaves, dip into, perstringe
skim &c. (neglect)
take a cursory view of. examine, examine closely, examine intently
scan, scrutinize, consider
give one's mind to, bend one's mind to
overhaul, revise, pore over
inspect, review, pass under review
take stock of
fix the eye on, rivet attention on, fix attention on, devote the eye to, fix the mind on, devote the thoughts to
hear out, think out
mind one's business. revert to
watch &c. (expect), (take care of)
hearken to, listen to
prick up the ears
have the eyes open, keep the eyes open
come to the point. meet with attention
fall under one's notice, fall under one's observation
be under consideration &c. (topic). catch the eye, strike the eye
attract notice
catch the attention, awaken the attention, wake the attention, invite the attention, solicit the attention, attract the attention, claim the attention excite the attention, engage the attention, occupy the attention, strike the attention, arrest the attention, fix the attention, engross the attention, absorb the attention, rivet the attention, catch the mind, awaken the mind, wake the mind, invite the mind, solicit the mind, attract the mind, claim the mind excite the mind, engage the mind, occupy the mind, strike the mind, arrest the mind, fix the mind, engross the mind, absorb the mind, rivet the mind, catch the thoughts, awaken the thoughts, wake the thoughts, invite the thoughts, solicit the thoughts, attract the thoughts, claim the thoughts excite the thoughts, engage the thoughts, occupy the thoughts, strike the thoughts, arrest the thoughts, fix the thoughts, engross the thoughts, absorb the thoughts, rivet the thoughts
be present to the mind, be uppermost in the mind. bring under one's notice
point out, point to, point at, point the finger at
lay the finger on, indigitate, indicate
direct attention to, call attention to
show
put a mark upon &c. (sign)
call soldiers to 'attention'
alive to, awake to
observing &c. v.
alert, open-eyed
intent on, taken up with, occupied with, engaged in
engrossed in, wrapped in, absorbed, rapt, transfixed, riveted, mesmerized, hypnotized
glued to (the TV, the window, a book)
breathless
preoccupied &c. (inattentive)
watchful &c. (careful)
breathless, undistracted, upon the stretch
on the watch &c. (expectant). steadfast. [compelling attention] interesting, engrossing, mesmerizing, riveting. Int. see!, look, look here, look you, look to it!, mark!, lo!, behold!, soho!, hark, hark ye!, mind!, halloo!, observe!, lo and behold!, attention!, nota bene [Lat.], N.B., note well
I'd have you to know
notice!, O yes!, Oyez!, dekko!, ecco!, yoho!, Phr. this is to give notice, these are to give notice
dictum sapienti sat est [Lat.], a word to the wise is sufficient
finem respice [Lat.]. ! Now hear this! Oyez!
Achtung [G.]
vnimanie [Rus.]
chui [Jap.].
