inattention, inconsideration
inconsiderateness &c. adj.
oversight
inadvertence, inadvertency, nonobservance, disregard. supineness &c. (inactivity)
etourderie [Fr.], want of thought
heedlessness &c. (neglect)
insouciance &c. (indifference). abstraction
absence of mind, absorption of mind
preoccupation, distraction, reverie, brown study, deep musing, fit of abstraction. V. be inattentive &c. adj.
overlook, disregard
pass by &c. (neglect)
not observe &c.
think little of. close one's eyes to, shut one's eyes to
pay no attention to
dismiss from one's thoughts, discard from one's thoughts, discharge from one's thoughts, dismiss from one's mind, discard from one's mind, discharge from one's mind
drop the subject, think no more of
set aside, turn aside, put aside
turn away from, turn one's attention from, turn a deaf ear to, turn one's back upon. abstract oneself, dream, indulge in reverie. escape notice, escape attention
come in at one ear and go out at the other
forget &c. (have no remembrance). call off the attention, draw off the attention, call away the attention, divert the attention, distract the mind
put out of one's head
disconcert, discompose
put out, confuse, perplex, bewilder, moider, fluster, muddle, dazzle
throw a sop to Cerberus. Adj. inattentive
unobservant, unmindful, heedless, unthinking, unheeding, undiscerning
inadvertent
mindless, regardless, respectless, listless &c. (indifferent)
blind, deaf
bird-witted
hand over head
cursory, percursory
giddy-brained, scatter-brained, hare-brained
unreflective, unreflecting, ecervele [Fr.]
offhand
dizzy, muzzy, brainsick
giddy, giddy as a goose
wild, harum-scarum, rantipole, highflying
heedless, careless &c. (neglectful). inconsiderate, thoughtless. absent, abstracted, distrait
absentminded, lost
lost in thought, wrapped in thought
rapt, in the clouds, bemused
dreaming on other things, musing on other things
preoccupied, engrossed &c. (attentive)
daydreaming, in a reverie &c. n.
off one's guard &c. (inexpectant)
napping
dreamy
caught napping. disconcerted, distracted, put out &c. v.. Adv. inattentively, inadvertently, absent-mindedly &c. adj. †
per incuriam [Lat.], sub silentio [Lat.]. stand at ease, stand easy!, the attention wanders
one's wits gone a woolgathering, one's wits gone a bird's nesting
it never entered into one's head
the mind running on other things
one's thoughts being elsewhere
had it been a bear it would have bitten you.
