measurement, admeasurement, mensuration, survey, valuation, appraisement, assessment, assize
estimate, estimation
dead reckoning, reckoning &c. (numeration)
gauging &c. v.
horse power. metrology, weights and measures, compound arithmetic. measure, yard measure, standard, rule, foot rule, compass, calipers
gage, gauge
meter, line, rod, check
dividers
velo. flood mark, high water mark
Plimsoll line
index &c.. scale
graduation, graduated scale
nonius
vernier &c. (minuteness). [instruments for measuring] bathometer, galvanometer, heliometer, interferometer, odometer, ombrometer, pantometer, pluviometer, pneumatometer, pneumometer, radiometer, refractometer, respirometer, rheometer, spirometer, telemeter, udometer, vacuometer, variometer, viameter, thermometer, thermistor (heat) &c., barometer (air) &c., anemometer (wind), dynamometer, goniometer, (angle) meter
landmark &c. (limit)
balance, scale &c. (weight)
marigraph, pneumatograph, stethograph
rain gauge, rain gage
voltmeter (volts), ammeter (amps)
spectrophotometer (light absorbance)
mass spectrophotometer (molecular mass)
geiger counter, scintillation counter (radioactivity)
pycnometer (liquid density)
graduated cylinder, volumetric flask (volume)
radar gun (velocity)
radar (distance)
side-looking radar, (shape, topography)
sonar (depth in water)
light meter (light intensity)
clock, watch, stopwatch, chronometer (time)
anemometer (wind velocity)
densitometer (color intensity). measurability, computability, determinability. coordinates, ordinate and abscissa, polar coordinates, latitude and longitude, declination and right ascension, altitude and azimuth. geometry, stereometry, hypsometry
metage
surveying, land surveying
geodesy, geodetics, geodesia
orthometry, altimetry
cadastre [Fr.]. astrolabe, armillary sphere. land surveyor
geometer. V. measure, mete
determine, assay
evaluate, value, assess, rate, appraise, estimate, form an estimate, set a value on
appreciate
standardize. span, pace step
apply the compass &c. n.
gauge, plumb, probe, sound, fathom
heave the log, heave the lead
survey. weigh. take an average &c.
graduate. Adj. measuring &c. v.
metric, metrical
measurable, perceptible, noticeable, detectable, appreciable, ponderable, determinable, fathomable
geodetical, topographic, topographical, cartographic, cartographical.
