reasoning ratiocination rationalism
dialectics, induction, generalization. discussion, comment
ventilation
inquiry &c.. argumentation, controversy, debate
polemics, wrangling
contention &c.
logomachy
disputation, disceptation
paper war. art of reasoning, logic. process of reasoning, train of reasoning, chain of reasoning
deduction, induction, abduction
synthesis, analysis. argument
case, plaidoyer, opening
lemma, proposition, terms, premises, postulate, data, starting point, principle
inference &c. (judgment). prosyllogism, syllogism
enthymeme, sorites, dilemma, perilepsis, a priori reasoning, reductio ad absurdum, horns of a dilemma, argumentum ad hominem [Lat.], comprehensive argument
empirema, epagoge. [person who reasons] reasoner, logician, dialectician
disputant
controversialist, controvertist
wrangler, arguer, debater polemic, casuist, rationalist
scientist
eristic. logical sequence
good case
correct just reasoning, sound reasoning, valid reasoning, cogent reasoning, logical reasoning, forcible reasoning, persuasive reasoning, persuasory reasoning, consectary reasoning, conclusive &c.
subtle reasoning
force of argument, strong point, strong argument, persuasive argument. arguments, reasons, pros and cons. V. reason, argue, discuss, debate, dispute, wrangle, argufy, bandy words, bandy arguments
chop logic
hold an argument, carry on an argument
controvert &c. (deny)
canvass
comment upon, moralize upon
spiritualize
consider &c. (examine). open a discussion, open a case
try conclusions
join issue, be at issue
moot
come to the point
stir a question, agitate a question, ventilate a question, torture a question
take up a side, take up a case. contend, take one's stand upon, insist, lay stress on
infer &c.. follow from &c. (demonstration). Adj. reasoning &c. v.
rationalistic
argumentative, controversial, dialectic, polemical
discursory, discursive
disputatious
Aristotelian, eristic, eristical. debatable, controvertible. logical
relevant &c.. Adv. for, because, hence, whence, seeing that, since, sith, then thence so
for that reason, for this reason, for which reason
for as, inasmuch as
whereas, ex concesso [Lat.], considering, in consideration of
therefore, wherefore
consequently, ergo, thus, accordingly
a fortiori. in conclusion, in fine
finally, after all, au bout du compt [Fr.], on the whole, taking one thing with another. Phr. ab actu ad posse valet consecutio [Lat.]
per troppo dibatter la verita si perde [It]
troppo disputare la verita fa errare [It].
