[Conclusion.] N. result, conclusion, upshot
deduction, inference, ergotism [Med.]
illation
corollary, porism
moral. estimation, valuation, appreciation, judication
dijudication, adjudication
arbitrament, arbitrement, arbitration
assessment, ponderation
valorization. award, estimate
review, criticism, critique, notice, report. decision, determination, judgment, finding, verdict, sentence, decree
findings of fact
findings of law
res judicata [Lat.]. plebiscite, voice, casting vote
vote &c. (choice)
opinion &c. (belief)
good judgment &c. (wisdom). judge, umpire
arbiter, arbitrator
asessor, referee. censor, reviewer, critic
connoisseur
commentator &c.
inspector, inspecting officer. twenty-twenty hindsight [judgment after the fact]
armchair general, monday morning quarterback. V. judge, conclude
come to a conclusion, draw a conclusion, arrive at a conclusion
ascertain, determine, make up one's mind. deduce, derive, gather, collect, draw an inference, make a deduction, weet, ween. form an estimate, estimate, appreciate, value, count, assess, rate, rank, account
regard, consider, think of
look upon &c. (believe)
review
size up [Slang]. settle
pass an opinion, give an opinion
decide, try, pronounce, rule
pass judgment, pass sentence
sentence, doom
find
give judgment, deliver judgment
adjudge, adjudicate
arbitrate, award, report
bring in a verdict
make absolute, set a question at rest
confirm &c. (assent). comment, criticize, kibitz
pass under review &c. (examine)
investigate &c. (inquire). hold the scales, sit in judgment
try judgment, hear a cause. judging &c. v.
judicious &c. (wise)
la critique est aisee et l'art est difficile [Fr.]
Discovery N. discovery, detection, disenchantment
Discovery ascertainment, disclosure, find, revelation. trover [Law] &c. (recovery). V. discover, find, determine, evolve, learn &c.
Discovery fix upon
Discovery pick up
Discovery find out, trace out, make out, hunt out, fish out, worm out, ferret out, root out
Discovery fathom
Discovery bring out, draw out
Discovery educe, elicit, bring to light
Discovery dig out, grub up, fish up
Discovery unearth, disinter. solve, resolve, elucidate
Discovery unriddle, unravel, unlock, crack, crack open
Discovery pick up, open the lock
Discovery find a clue, find clew a to, find the key to the riddle
Discovery interpret &c.
Discovery disclose &c.. trace, get at
Discovery hit it, have it
Discovery lay one's finger, lay one's hands upon
Discovery spot
Discovery get at the truth, arrive at the truth &c.
Discovery put the saddle on the right horse, hit the right nail on the head. be near the truth, be warm, get warmer, burn
Discovery smoke, scent, sniff, catch a whiff of, smell a rat. open the eyes to
Discovery see through, see daylight, see in its true colors, see the cloven foot
Discovery detect
Discovery catch, catch tripping. pitch upon, fall upon, light upon, hit upon, stumble upon, pop upon
Discovery come across, come onto
Discovery meet with, meet up with, fall in with. recognize, realize
Discovery verify, make certain of, identify. Int. eureka!, aha!, I've got it!,
