prediction, announcement
program, programme [Brit.] &c. (plan)
premonition &c. (warning)
prognosis, prophecy, vaticination, mantology, prognostication, premonstration
augury, auguration
ariolation, hariolation
foreboding, aboding
bodement, abodement
omniation, omniousness
auspices, forecast
omen &c.
horoscope, nativity
sooth, soothsaying
fortune telling, crystal gazing
divination
necromancy &c.. [Divination by the stars] astrology †, horoscopy †, judicial astrology †. [Place of ]. adytum prefiguration †, prefigurement
prototype, type. [person who predicts] oracle &c. 513. V. predict, prognosticate, prophesy, vaticinate, divine, foretell, soothsay, augurate, tell fortunes
cast a horoscope, cast a nativity
advise
forewarn &c.. presage, augur, bode
abode, forebode
foretoken, betoken
prefigure, preshow
portend
foreshow, foreshadow
shadow forth, typify, pretypify, ominate, signify, point to. usher in, herald, premise, announce
lower. hold out expectation, raise expectation, excite expectation, excite hope
bid fair, promise, lead one to expect
be the precursor &c.. [predict by mathematical or statistical means from past experience] extrapolate, project. predicting &c. v.
predictive, prophetic
fatidic, fatidical
vaticinal, oracular, fatiloquent, haruspical, Sibylline
weatherwise. ominous, portentous, augurous, augurial, augural
auspicial, auspicious
dicamus bona verba [Lat.]
by the Bible, Bibliomancy
by ghosts, Psychomancy
by crystal gazing, Crystallomancy
by shadows or manes, Sciomancy
by appearances in the air, Aeromancy, Chaomancy
by the stars at birth, Genethliacs
by meteors, Meteoromancy
by winds, Austromancy
by sacrificial appearances, Aruspicy, Haruspicy, Hieromancy, Hieroscopy
by the entrails of animals sacrificed, Extispicy, Hieromancy
by the entrails of a human sacrifice, Anthropomancy
by the entrails of fishes, Ichthyomancy
by sacrificial fire, Pyromancy
by red-hot iron, Sideromancy
by smoke from the altar, Capnomancy
by mice, Myomancy
by birds, Orniscopy, Ornithomancy
by a cock picking up grains, Alectryomancy, Alectromancy
by fishes, Ophiomancy
by herbs, Botanomancy
by water, Hydromancy
by fountains, Pegomancy
by a wand, Rhabdomancy
by dough of cakes, Crithomancy
by meal, Aleuromancy, Alphitomancy
by salt, Halomancy
by dice, Cleromancy
by arrows, Belomancy
by a balanced hatchet, Axinomancy
by a balanced sieve, Coscinomancy
by a suspended ring, Dactyliomancy
by dots made at random on paper, Geomancy
by precious stones, Lithomancy
by pebbles, Pessomancy
by pebbles drawn from a heap, Psephomancy
by mirrors, Catoptromancy
by writings in ashes, Tephramancy
by dreams, Oneiromancy
by the hand, Palmistry, Chiromancy
by nails reflecting the sun's rays, Onychomancy
by finger rings, Dactylomancy
by numbers, Arithmancy
by drawing lots, Sortilege
by passages in books, Stichomancy
by the letters forming the name of the person, Onomancy, Nomancy
by the features, Anthroposcopy
by the mode of laughing, Geloscopy
by ventriloquism, Gastromancy
by walking in a circle, Gyromancy
by dropping melted wax into water, Ceromancy
by currents, Bletonism
by the color and peculiarities of wine, Oenomancy.
