publication
public announcement &c.
promulgation, propagation, proclamation, pronunziamento [It]
circulation, indiction, edition
hue and cry. publicity, notoriety, currency, flagrancy, cry, bruit, hype
vox populi
report &c. (news). the Press, public press, newspaper, journal, gazette, daily
telegraphy
publisher &c. v.
imprint. circular, circular letter
manifesto, advertisement, ad., placard, bill, affiche, broadside, poster
notice &c.. V. publish
make public, make known &c. (information)
speak of, talk of
broach, utter
put forward
circulate, propagate, promulgate
spread, spread abroad
rumor, diffuse, disseminate, evulugate
put forth, give forth, send forth
emit, edit, get out
issue
bring before the public, lay before the public, drag before the public
give out, give to the world
put about, bandy about, hawk about, buzz about, whisper about, bruit about, blaze about
drag into the open day
voice. proclaim, herald, blazon
blaze abroad, noise abroad
sound a trumpet
trumpet forth, thunder forth
give tongue
announce with beat of drum, announce with flourish of trumpets
proclaim from the housetops, proclaim at Charing Cross. advertise, placard
post, post up afficher, publish in the Gazette, send round the crier. raise a cry, raise a hue and cry, raise a report
set news afloat. be published &c.
be public, become public &c. adj.
come out
go about, fly about, buzz about, blow about
get about, get abroad, get afloat, get wind
find vent
see the light
go forth, take air, acquire currency, pass current
go the rounds, go the round of the newspapers, go through the length and breadth of the land
virum volitare per ora [Lat.]
pass from mouth to mouth
spread
run like wildfire, spread like wildfire. Adj. published &c. v.
current &c. (news)
in circulation, public
notorious
flagrant, arrant
open &c.
trumpet-tongued
encyclical, encyclic, promulgatory
exoteric. Adv. publicly &c. adj.
in open court, with open doors. Int. Oyez!, O yes!, notice!, Phr. notice is hereby given
this is to give, these are to give notice
nomina stultorum parietibus haerent [Lat.]
semel emissum volat irrevocabile verbum [Lat.].
