N. motive, springs of action, wellsprings of action. reason, ground, call, principle
by end, by purpose
mainspring, primum mobile [Lat.], keystone
the why and the wherefore
pro and con, reason why
secret motive, arriere pensee [Fr.]
intention &c.. inducement, consideration
attraction
loadstone
magnet, magnetism, magnetic force
allectation, allective
temptation, enticement, agacerie, allurement, witchery
bewitchment, bewitchery
charm
spell &c.
fascination, blandishment, cajolery
seduction, seducement
honeyed words, voice of the tempter, song of the Sirens forbidden fruit, golden apple. persuasibility, persuasibleness
attractability
impressibility, susceptibility
softness
persuasiveness, attractiveness
tantalization. influence, prompting, dictate, instance
impulse, impulsion
incitement, incitation
press, instigation
provocation &c. (excitation of feeling)
inspiration
persuasion, suasion
encouragement, advocacy
exhortation
advice &c.
solicitation &c. (request)
lobbyism
pull [Slang]. incentive, stimulus, spur, fillip, whip, goad, ankus, rowel, provocative, whet, dram. bribe, lure
decoy, decoy duck
bait, trail of a red herring
bribery and corruption
sop, sop for Cerberus. prompter, tempter
seducer, seductor
instigator, firebrand, incendiary
Siren, Circe
agent provocateur
lobbyist. V. induce, move
draw, draw on
bring in its train, give an impulse &c. n.
to
inspire
put up to, prompt, call up
attract, beckon. stimulate &c. (excite)
spirit up, inspirit
rouse, arouse
animate, incite, foment, provoke, instigate, set on, actuate
act upon, work upon, operate upon
encourage
pat on the back, pat on the shoulder, clap on the back, clap on the shoulder. influence, weigh with, bias, sway, incline, dispose, predispose, turn the scale, inoculate
lead by the nose
have influence with, have influence over, have influence upon, exercise influence with, exercise influence over, exercise influence upon
go round, come round one
turn the head, magnetize
lobby. persuade
prevail with, prevail upon
overcome, carry
bring round to one's senses, bring to one's senses
draw over, win over, gain over, come over, talk over
procure, enlist, engage
invite, court. tempt, seduce, overpersuade, entice, allure, captivate, fascinate, bewitch, carry away, charm, conciliate, wheedle, coax, lure
inveigle
tantalize
cajole &c. (deceive). tamper with, bribe, suborn, grease the palm, bait with a silver hook, gild the pill, make things pleasant, put a sop into the pan, throw a sop to, bait the hook. enforce, force
impel &c. (push)
propel &c.
whip, lash, goad, spur, prick, urge
egg on, hound, hurry on
drag &c.
exhort
advise &c.
call upon &c.
press &c. (request)
advocate. set an example, set the fashion
keep in countenance. be persuaded &c.
yield to temptation, come round
concede &c. (consent)
obey a call
follow advice, follow the bent, follow the dictates of
act on principle. impulsive, motive
suasive, suasory, persuasive, persuasory, hortative, hortatory
protreptical
inviting, tempting, &c. v.
suasive, suasory
seductive, attractive
fascinating &c. (pleasing)
provocative &c. (exciting). induced &c. v.
disposed
persuadable &c. (docile)
spellbound
instinct with, smitten with, infatuated
inspired &c. v.
by. because, therefore &c. (cause)
from this motive, from that motive
for this reason, for that reason
for
by reason of, for the sake of, count of
out of, from, as, forasmuch as. for all the world
on principle. fax mentis incendium gloriae [Lat.]
