N. aid, aidance
assistance, help, opitulation, succor
support, lift, advance, furtherance, promotion
coadjuvancy &c. (cooperation). patronage, championship, countenance, favor, interest, advocacy. sustentation, subvention, alimentation, nutrition, nourishment
eutrophy
manna in the wilderness
food &c.
means &c.. ministry, ministration
subministration
accommodation. relief, rescue
help at a dead lift
supernatural aid
deus ex machina [Lat.]. supplies, reinforcements, reenforcements, succors, contingents, recruits
support &c. (physical)
adjunct, ally &c. (helper). V. aid, assist, help, succor, lend one's aid
come to the aid &c. n.. of
contribute, subscribe to
bring aid, give aid, furnish aid, afford aid, supply aid &c. n.
give a helping hand, stretch a hand, lend a helping hand, lend a hand, bear a helping hand, hold out a hand, hold out a helping hand
give one a life, give one a cast, give one a turn
take by the hand, take in tow
help a lame dog over a stile, lend wings to. relieve, rescue
set up, set agoing, set on one's legs
bear through, pull through
give new life to, be the making of
reinforce, reenforce, recruit
set forward, put forward, push forward
give a lift, give a shove, give an impulse to
promote, further, forward, advance expedite, speed, quicken, hasten. support, sustain, uphold, prop, hold up, bolster. cradle, nourish
nurture, nurse, dry nurse, suckle, put out to nurse
manure, cultivate, force
foster, cherish, foment
feed the flame, fan the flame. serve
do service to, tender to, pander to
administer to, subminister to, minister to
tend, attend, wait on
take care of &c.
entertain
smooth the bed of death. oblige, accommodate, consult the wishes of
humor, cheer, encourage. second, stand by
back, back up
pay the piper, abet
work for, make interest for, stick up for, take up the cudgels for
take up the cause of, espouse the cause of, adopt the cause of
advocate, beat up for recruits, press into the service
squire, give moral support to, keep in countenance, countenance, patronize
lend oneself to, lend one's countenance to
smile upon, shine upon
favor, befriend, take in hand, enlist under the banners of
side with &c. (cooperate). be of use to
subserve &c. (instrument)
benefit &c.
render a service &c. (utility)
conduce &c. (tend). aiding &c. v.
auxiliary, adjuvant, helpful
coadjuvant &c.
subservient, ministrant, ancillary, accessory, subsidiary. at one's beck, at one's beck and call
friendly, amicable, favorable, propitious, well-disposed
neighborly
obliging &c. (benevolent). Adv. with the aid, by the aid of &c.
on behalf of, in behalf of
in aid of, in the service of, in the name of, in favor of, in furtherance of
on account of
for the sake of, on the part of
non obstante [Lat.]. Int. help!, save us!, to the rescue!, alterum alterius auxilio eget [Lat.] [Sallust]
at your service.
