N. attack
assault, assault and battery
onset, onslaught, charge. aggression, offense
incursion, inroad, invasion
irruption
outbreak
estrapade, ruade
coupe de main, sally, sortie, camisade, raid, foray
run at, run against
dead set at. storm, storming
boarding, escalade
siege, investment, obsession, bombardment, cannonade. fire, volley
platoon fire, file fire
fusillade
sharpshooting, broadside
raking fire, cross fire
volley of grapeshot, whiff of the grape, feu d'enfer [Fr.]. cut, thrust, lunge, pass, passado, carte and tierce [Fr.], home thrust
coupe de bec [Fr.]
kick, punch &c. (impulse). battue, razzia, Jacquerie, dragonnade
devastation &c.
eboulement [Fr.]. assailant, aggressor, invader. base of operations, point of attack
echelon. V. attack, assault, assail
invade
set upon, fall upon
charge, impugn, break a lance with, enter the lists. assume the offensive, take the offensive
be the aggressor, become the aggressor
strike the first blow, draw first blood, throw the first stone at
lift a hand against, draw the sword against
take up the cudgels
advance against, march against
march upon, harry
come on, show fight. strike at, poke at, thrust at
aim a blow at, deal a blow at
give one a blow, fetch one a blow, fetch one a kick, give one a kick
have a cut at, have a shot at, take a cut at, take a shot at, have a fling at, have a shy at
be down upon, pounce upon
fall foul of, pitch into, launch out against
bait, slap on the face
make a thrust at, make a pass at, make a set at, make a dead set at
bear down upon. close with, come to close quarters
bring to bay. ride full tilt against
attack tooth and nail, go at hammer and tongs. let fly at, dash at, run a tilt at, rush at, tilt at, run at, fly at, hawk at, have at, let out at
make a dash, make a rush at
strike home
drive one hard
press one hard
be hard upon, run down, strike at the root of. lay about one, run amuck. aim at, draw a bead on [U.S.]. fire upon, fire at, fire a shot at
shoot at, pop at, level at, let off a gun at
open fire, pepper, bombard, shell, pour a broadside into
fire a volley, fire red-hot shot
spring a mine. throw a stone, throw stones at
stone, lapidate, pelt
hurl at, hurl against, hurl at the head of
rock beset [U.S.], besiege, beleaguer
lay siege to, invest, open the trenches, plant a battery, sap, mine
storm, board, scale the walls. cut and thrust, bayonet, butt
kick, strike &c. (impulse)
whip &c. (punish). [attack verbally] assail, impugn
malign (detract). bomb, rocket, blast. Adj. attacking &c. v.
aggressive, offensive, obsidional. up in arms. Adv. on the offensive. up and at them!  Phr. the din of arms, the yell of savage rage, the the din of arms, the yell of savage rage, the shriek of agony, the groan of death [Southey]
