combatant
disputant, controversialist, polemic, litigant, belligerent
competitor, rival, corrival
fighter, assailant
champion, Paladin
mosstrooper, swashbuckler fire eater, duelist, bully, bludgeon man, rough. prize fighter, pugilist, boxer, bruiser, the fancy, gladiator, athlete, wrestler
fighting-cock, game-cock
warrior, soldier, fighting man, Amazon, man at arms, armigerent
campaigner, veteran
swordsman, sabreur, redcoat, military man, Rajput. armed force, troops, soldiery, military forces, sabaoth, the army, standing army, regulars, the line, troops of the line, militia, yeomanry, volunteers, trainband, fencible
auxiliary, bersagliere, brave
garde-nationale, garde-royale [Fr.]
minuteman [U.S.]
auxiliary forces, reserve forces
reserves, posse comitatus [Lat.], national guard, gendarme, beefeater
guards, guardsman
yeomen of the guard, life guards, household troops. janissary
myrmidon
Mama, Mameluke
spahee, spahi, Cossack, Croat, Pandoz. irregular, guerilla, partisan, condottiere
franctireur [Fr.], tirailleur, bashi-bazouk
[guerilla organization names: list], vietminh, vietcong
shining path
contras
huk, hukbalahap. mercenary, soldier of fortune
hired gun, gunfighter, gunslinger
bushwhacker, free lance, companion
Hessian. hit man torpedo, soldier. levy, draught
Landwehr [G.], Landsturm [G.]
conscript, recruit, cadet, raw levies. infantry, infantryman, private, private soldier, foot soldier
Tommy Atkins, rank and file, peon, trooper, sepoy, legionnaire, legionary, cannon fodder, food for powder
officer &c. (commander)
subaltern, ensign, standard bearer
spearman, pikeman
spear bearer
halberdier, lancer
musketeer, carabineer, rifleman, jager [G.], sharpshooter, yager, skirmisher
grenadier, fusileer
archer, bowman. horse and foot
horse soldier
cavalry, horse, artillery, horse artillery, light horse, voltigeur [Fr.], uhlan, mounted rifles, dragoon, hussar
light dragoon, heavy dragoon
heavy
cuirassier [Fr.]
Foot Guards, Horse Guards. gunner, cannoneer, bombardier, artilleryman, matross
sapper, sapper and miner
engineer
light infantry, rifles, chasseur [Fr.], zouave
military train, coolie. army, corps d'armee [Fr.], host, division, battalia, column, wing, detachment, garrison, flying column, brigade, regiment, corps, battalion, sotnia, squadron, company, platoon, battery, subdivision, section, squad
piquet, picket, guard, rank, file
legion, phalanx, cohort
cloud of skirmishers. war horse, charger, destrier. marine, man-of-war's man &c. (sailor)
navy, wooden walls, naval forces, fleet, flotilla, armada, squadron. [ships of war] man-of-war
destroyer
submarine
minesweeper
torpedo-boat, torpedo-destroyer
patrol torpedo boat, PT boat
torpedo-catcher, war castle, H.M.S.
battleship, battle wagon, dreadnought, line of battle ship, ship of the line
aircraft carrier, carrier. flattop [Coll.]
helicopter carrier
missile platform, missile boat
ironclad, turret ship, ram, monitor, floating battery
first-rate, frigate, sloop of war, corvette, gunboat, bomb vessel
flagship, guard ship, cruiser
armored cruiser, protected cruiser
privateer. [supporting ships] tender
store ship, troop ship
transport, catamaran
merchant marine.
