N. arm, arms
weapon, deadly weapon
armament, armaments, armature
panoply, stand of arms
armor &c. (defense)
armory &c. (store)
apparatus belli [Lat.]. ammunition
powder, powder and shot
cartridge
ball cartridge, cartouche, fireball
dumdum bullet. explosive
gunpowder, guncotton
mercury fulminate
picrates
pentaerythritol tetranitrate, PETN. high explosive
trinitrotoluene, TNT
dynamite, melinite, cordite, lyddite, plastic explosive, plastique
pyroxyline. [knives and swords: list] sword, saber, broadsword, cutlass, falchion, scimitar, cimeter, brand, whinyard, bilbo, glaive, glave, rapier, skean, Toledo, Ferrara, tuck, claymore, adaga, baselard, Lochaber ax, skean dhu, creese, kris, dagger, dirk, banger, poniard, stiletto, stylet, dudgeon, bayonet
sword-bayonet, sword-stick
side arms, foil, blade, steel
ax, bill
pole-ax, battle-ax
gisarme, halberd, partisan, tomahawk, bowie knife
ataghan, attaghan, yataghan
yatacban
assagai, assegai
good sword, trusty sword, naked sword
cold steel. club, mace, truncheon, staff, bludgeon, cudgel, life preserver, shillelah, sprig
hand staff, quarter staff
bat, cane, stick, knuckle duster
billy, blackjack, sandbag, waddy. gun, piece [Fr.]
firearms
artillery, ordnance
siege train, battering train
park, battery
cannon, gun of position, heavy gun, field piece [Fr.], mortar, howitzer, carronade, culverin, basilisk
falconet, jingal, swivel, pederero, bouche a feu [Fr.]
petard, torpedo
mitrailleur [Fr.], mitrailleuse [Fr.]
infernal machine
smooth bore, rifled cannon, trong gun, Lancaster gun, Paixhan gun, Whitworth gun, Parrott gun, Krupp gun, Gatling gun, Maxim gun, machine gun
pompom
ten pounder. small arms
musket, musketry, firelock, fowling piece [Fr.], rifle, fusil, caliver, carbine, blunderbuss, musketoon, Brown Bess, matchlock, harquebuss, arquebus, haguebut
pistol, postolet
petronel
small bore
breach-loader, muzzle-loader
revolver, repeater
Minis rifle, Enfield rifle, Flobert rifle, Westley Richards rifle, Snider rifle, Martini-Henry rifle, Lee-Metford rifle, Lee-Enfield rifle, Mauser rifle, magazine rifle
needle gun, chassepot
wind gun, air gun
automatic gun, automatic pistol
escopet, escopette, gunflint, gun-lock
hackbut, shooter, shooting iron [U.S.], six-shooter [U.S.], shotgun
Uzzi, assault rifle, Kalashnikov. bow, crossbow, balister, catapult, sling
battering ram &c. (impulse)
gunnery
ballistics &c. (propulsion). missile, bolt, projectile, shot, ball
grape
grape shot, canister shot, bar shot, cannon shot, langrel shot, langrage shot, round shot, chain shot
balista, ballista, slung shot, trebucbet, trebucket
bullet, slug, stone, brickbat, grenade, shell, bomb, carcass, rocket
congreve, congreve rocket
shrapnel, mitraille [Fr.]
levin bolt, levin brand
thunderbolt. pike, lance, spear, spontoon, javelin, dart, jereed, jerid, arrow, reed, shaft, bolt, boomerang, harpoon, gaff
eelspear, oxgoad, weet-weet, wommerah
cattle prod
chemical mace. Phr. en flute
nervos belli pecuniam infinitam [Lat.].
