nonconformity &c.
unconformity, disconformity
unconventionality, informality, abnormity, abnormality, anomaly
anomalousness &c. adj. †
exception, peculiarity
infraction of law, breach, of law, violation of law, violation of custom, violation of usage, infringement of law, infringement of custom, infringement of usage
teratism, eccentricity, bizarrerie, oddity, je ne sais quoi [Fr.], monster, monstrosity, rarity
freak, freak of Nature, weirdo, mutant
rouser, snorter [U.S.]. individuality, idiosyncrasy, originality, mannerism. aberration
irregularity
variety
singularity
exemption
salvo &c. (qualification). nonconformist
nondescript, character, original, nonesuch, nonsuch, monster, prodigy, wonder, miracle, curiosity, flying fish, black sheep, black swan, lusus naturae [Lat.], rara avis [Lat.], queer fish
mongrel, random breed
half-caste, half-blood, half-breed
metis [Lat.], crossbreed, hybrid, mule, hinny, mulatto
tertium quid [Lat.], hermaphrodite. [Mythical animals] phoenix, chimera, hydra, sphinx, minotaur
griffin, griffon
centaur
saggittary
kraken, cockatrice, wyvern, roc, dragon, sea serpent
mermaid, merman, merfolk
unicorn
teratology. [unconformable to the surroundings] fish out of water
neither one thing nor another, neither fish nor fowl, neither fish flesh nor fowl nor good red neither fish flesh nor fowl nor good red herring
one in a million, one in a way, one in a thousand
outcast, outlaw
off the beaten track
oasis. V. be uncomformable &c. adj.
abnormalize
leave the beaten track, leave the beaten path
infringe a law, infringe a habit, infringe a usage, infringe a custom, break a law, break a habit, break a usage, break a custom, violate a law, violate a habit, violate a usage, violate a custom
drive a coach and six through
stretch a point
have no business there
baffle all description, beggar all description. uncomformable, exceptional
abnormal, abnormous
anomalous, anomalistic
out of order, out of place, out of keeping, out of tune, out of one's element
irregular, arbitrary
teratogenic
lawless, informal, aberrant, stray, wandering, wanton
peculiar, exclusive, unnatural, eccentric, egregious
out of the beaten track, off the beaten track, out of the common, out of the common run
beyond the pale of, out of the pale of
misplaced
funny. unusual, unaccustomed, uncustomary, unwonted, uncommon
rare, curious, odd, extraordinary, out of the ordinary
strange, monstrous
wonderful &c.
unexpected, unaccountable
outre [Fr.], out of the way, remarkable, noteworthy
queer, quaint, nondescript, none such, sui generis [Lat.]
unfashionable
fantastic, grotesque, bizarre
outlandish, exotic, tombe des nues [Fr.], preternatural
denaturalized. heterogeneous, heteroclite [Gramm.], amorphous, mongrel, amphibious, epicene, half blood, hybrid
androgynous, androgynal
asymmetric &c.
adelomorphous, bisexual, hermaphrodite, monoclinous. qualified &c.. singular, unique, one-of-a-kind. newfangled, novel, non-classical
original, unconventional, unheard of, unfamiliar
undescribed, unprecedented, unparalleled, unexampled. unconformably &c. adj.
except, unless, save barring, beside, without, save and except, let alone. however, yet, but. once in a blue moon, once in a million years. Int. what on earth!, what in the world!, What the devil!, Holy cow!, Can you top that
? Sacre bleu [Fr.]. Phr. never was seen the like, never was heard the like, never was known the like. I could hardly believe it
I saw it, but I didn't believe it.
