painfulness &c. adj.
trouble, care &c. (pain)
trial
affliction, infliction
blow, stroke, burden, load, curse
bitter pill, bitter draught
waters of bitterness. annoyance, grievance, nuisance, vexation, mortification, sickener
canker &c. (bane)
scorpion &c. (evil doer)
dagger &c. (arms)
scourge &c. (instrument of punishment)
carking care, canker worm of care. mishap, misfortune &c. (adversity)
desagrement [Fr.], esclandre [Fr.], rub. source of irritation, source of annoyance
wound, open sore
sore subject, skeleton in the closet
thorn in the flesh, thorn in one's side
where the shoe pinches, gall and wormwood. sorry sight, heavy news, provocation
affront &c.
malignity &c. (malevolence). V. cause pain, occasion pain, give pain, bring pain, induce pain, produce pain, create pain, inflict pain &c.
pain, hurt, wound. pinch, prick, gripe &c. (physical pain)
pierce, lancinate, cut. hurt the feelings, wound the feelings, grate upon the feelings, grate upon the nerves, jar upon the feelings
wring the heart, pierce the heart, lacerate the heart, break the heart, rend the heart
make the heart bleed
tear the heart strings, rend the heart strings
draw tears from the eyes. sadden
make unhappy &c.
plunge into sorrow, grieve, fash, afflict, distress
cut up, cut to the heart. displease, annoy, incommode, discompose, trouble, disquiet
faze, feaze, feeze [U.S.]
disturb, cross, perplex, molest, tease, tire, irk, vex, mortify, wherret, worry, plague, bother, pester, bore, pother, harass, harry, badger, heckle, bait, beset, infest, persecute, importune. wring, harrow, torment, torture
bullyrag
put to the rack, put to the question
break on the wheel, rack, scarify
cruciate, crucify
convulse, agonize
barb the dart
plant a dagger in the breast, plant a thorn in one's side. irritate, provoke, sting, nettle, try the patience, pique, fret, rile, tweak the nose, chafe, gall
sting to the quick, wound to the quick, cut to the quick
aggrieve, affront, enchafe, enrage, ruffle, sour the temper
give offense &c. (resentment). maltreat, bite, snap at, assail
smite &c. (punish). sicken, disgust, revolt, nauseate, disenchant, repel, offend, shock, stink in the nostrils
go against the stomach, turn the stomach
make one sick, set the teeth on edge, go against the grain, grate on the ear
stick in one's throat, stick in one's gizzard
rankle, gnaw, corrode, horrify, appal, appall, freeze the blood
make the flesh creep, make the hair stand on end
make the blood curdle, make the blood run cold
make one shudder. haunt the memory
weigh on the heart, prey on the heart, weigh on the mind, prey on the mind, weigh on the spirits, prey on the spirits
bring one's gray hairs with sorrow to the bring one's gray hairs with sorrow to the grave
add a nail to one's coffin. Adj. causing pain, hurting &c. v.
hurtful &c. (bad)
painful
dolorific, dolorous
unpleasant
unpleasing, displeasing
disagreeable, unpalatable, bitter, distasteful
uninviting
unwelcome
undesirable, undesired
obnoxious
unacceptable, unpopular, thankless. unsatisfactory, untoward, unlucky, uncomfortable. distressing
afflicting, afflictive
joyless, cheerless, comfortless
dismal, disheartening
depressing, depressive
dreary, melancholy, grievous, piteous
woeful, rueful, mournful, deplorable, pitiable, lamentable
sad, affecting, touching, pathetic. irritating, provoking, stinging, annoying, aggravating, mortifying, galling
unaccommodating, invidious, vexatious
troublesome, tiresome, irksome, wearisome
plaguing, plaguy
awkward. importunate
teasing, pestering, bothering, harassing, worrying, tormenting, carking. intolerable, insufferable, insupportable
unbearable, unendurable
past bearing
not to be borne, not to be endured
more than flesh and blood can bear
enough to drive one mad, enough to provoke a saint, enough to make a parson swear, enough to gag a maggot. shocking, terrific, grim, appalling, crushing
dreadful, fearful, frightful
thrilling, tremendous, dire
heart-breaking, heart-rending, heart-wounding, heart-corroding, heart-sickening
harrowing, rending. odious, hateful, execrable, repulsive, repellent, abhorrent
horrid, horrible, horrific, horrifying
offensive. nauseous, nauseating
disgusting, sickening, revolting
nasty
loathsome, loathful
fulsome
vile &c. (bad)
hideous &c.. sharp, acute, sore, severe, grave, hard, harsh, cruel, biting, caustic
cutting, corroding, consuming, racking, excruciating, searching, grinding, grating, agonizing
envenomed
catheretic, pyrotic [Med.]. ruinous, disastrous, calamitous, tragical
desolating, withering
burdensome, onerous, oppressive
cumbrous, cumbersome. painfully &c. adj.
with pain &c.
deuced. hinc illae lachrymae! [Lat.], surgit amari aliquid [Lat.]
the place being too hot to hold one
the iron entering into the soul
what deep wounds ever closed without a scar? [Byron].
