disrepute, discredit
ill repute, bad repute, bad name, bad odor, bad favor, ill name, ill odor, ill favor
disapprobation &c.
ingloriousness, derogation
abasement, debasement
abjectness &c. adj.
degradation, dedecoration
a long farewell to all my greatness [Henry VIII]
odium, obloquy, opprobrium, ignominy. dishonor, disgrace
shame, humiliation
scandal, baseness, vileness
turpitude &c. (improbity)
infamy. tarnish, taint, defilement, pollution. stain, blot, spot, blur, stigma, brand, reproach, imputation, slur. crying shame, burning shame
scandalum magnatum [Lat.], badge of infamy, blot in one's escutcheon
bend sinister, bar sinister
champain, point champain
byword of reproach
Ichabod. argumentum ad verecundiam [Lat.]
sense of shame &c.. V. be inglorious &c. adj.
incur disgrace &c. n.
have a bad name, earn a bad name
put a halter round one's neck, wear a halter round one's neck
disgrace oneself, expose oneself. play second fiddle
lose caste
pale one's ineffectual fire
recede into the shade
fall from one's high estate
keep in the background &c. (modesty)
be conscious of disgrace &c. (humility)
look blue, look foolish, look like a fool
cut a poor figure, cut a sorry figure
laugh on the wrong side of the mouth
make a sorry face, go away with a flea in. one's ear, slink away. cause shame &c. n.
shame, disgrace, put to shame, dishonor
throw dishonor upon, cast dishonor upon, fling dishonor upon, reflect dishonor upon &c. n.
be a reproach &c. n.. to
derogate from. tarnish, stain, blot sully, taint
discredit
degrade, debase, defile
beggar
expel &c. (punish). impute shame to, brand, post, stigmatize, vilify, defame, slur, cast a slur upon, hold up to shame, send to Coventry
tread under foot, trample under foot
show up, drag through the mire, heap dirt upon
reprehend &c.. bring low, put down, snub
take down a peg, take down a peg lower, take down a peg or two. obscure. eclipse, outshine, take the shine out of
throw into the shade, cast into the shade
overshadow
leave in the background, put in the background
push into a corner, put one's nose out of joint
put out, put out of countenance. upset, throw off one's center
discompose, disconcert
put to the blush &c. (humble). Adj. disgraced &c. v.
blown upon
overcome, downtrodden
loaded with shame &c. n.
in bad repute &c. n.
out of repute, out of favor, out of fashion, out of countenance
at a discount
under a cloud, under an eclipse
unable to show one's face
in the shade, in the background
out at elbows, down at the elbows, down in the world. inglorious
nameless, renownless
obscure
unknown to fame
unnoticed, unnoted, unhonored, unglorified. shameful
disgraceful, discreditable, disreputable
despicable
questionable
unbecoming, unworthy
derogatory
degrading, humiliating, infra dignitatem [Lat.], dedecorous
scandalous, infamous, too bad, unmentionable
ribald, opprobrious
errant, shocking, outrageous, notorious. ignominious, scrubby, dirty, abject, vile, beggarly, pitiful, low, mean, shabby base &c. (dishonorable). Adv. to one's shame be it spoken. Int. fie!, shame!, for shame!, proh pudor! [Lat.], O tempora!, O mores!, ough!, sic transit gloria mundi! [Lat.],
