disapprobation, disapproval
improbation
disesteem, disvaluation, displacency
odium
dislike &c.. dispraise, discommendation
blame, censure, obloquy
detraction &c.
disparagement, depreciation
denunciation
condemnation &c.
ostracism
black list. animadversion, reflection, stricture, objection, exception, criticism
sardonic grin, sardonic laugh
sarcasm, insinuation, innuendo
bad compliment, poor compliment, left-handed compliment. satire
sneer &c. (contempt)
taunt &c. (disrespect)
cavil, carping, censoriousness
hypercriticism &c. (fastidiousness). reprehension, remonstrance, expostulation, reproof, reprobation, admonition, increpation, reproach
rebuke, reprimand, castigation, jobation, lecture, curtain lecture, blow up, wigging, dressing, rating, scolding, trimming
correction, set down, rap on the knuckles, coup de bec [Fr.], rebuff
slap, slap on the face
home thrust, hit
frown, scowl, black look. diatribe
jeremiad, jeremiade
tirade, philippic. clamor, outcry, hue and cry
hiss, hissing
sibilance, sibilation, catcall
execration &c.. chiding, upbraiding &c. v.
exprobation, abuse, vituperation, invective, objurgation, contumely
hard words, cutting words, bitter words. evil-speaking
bad language &c.
personality. V. disapprove
dislike &c.
lament &c.
object to, take exception to
be scandalized at, think ill of
view with disfavor, view with dark eyes, view with jaundiced eyes
nil admirari [Lat.], disvalue
improbate. frown upon, look grave
bend the brows, knit the brows
shake the head at, shrug the shoulders
turn up the nose &c. (contempt)
look askance, look black upon
look with an evil eye
make a wry face, make a wry mouth at
set one's face against. dispraise, discommend, disparage
deprecate, speak ill of, not speak well of
condemn &c. (find guilty). blame
lay blame upon, cast blame upon
censure, fronder [Fr.], reproach, pass censure on, reprobate, impugn. remonstrate, expostulate, recriminate. reprehend, chide, admonish
berate, betongue
bring to account, call to account, call over the coals, rake over the coals, call to order
take to task, reprove, lecture, bring to book
read a lesson, read a lecture to
rebuke, correct. reprimand, chastise, castigate, lash, blow up, trounce, trim, laver la tete [Fr.], overhaul
give it one, give it one finely
gibbet. accuse &c.
impeach, denounce
hold up to reprobation, hold up to execration
expose, brand, gibbet, stigmatize
show up, pull up, take up
cry 'shame' upon
raise a hue and cry against. execrate &c.
exprobate, speak daggers, vituperate
abuse, abuse like a pickpocket
scold, rate, objurgate, upbraid, fall foul of
jaw
rail, rail at, rail in good set terms
bark at
anathematize, call names
call by hard names, call by ugly names
avile, revile
vilify, vilipend
bespatter
backbite
clapperclaw
rave against, thunder against, fulminate against
load with reproaches. exclaim against, protest against, inveigh against, declaim against, cry out against, raise one's voice against. decry
cry down, run down, frown down
clamor, hiss, hoot, mob, ostracize, blacklist
draw up a round robin, sign a round robin. animadvert upon, reflect upon
glance at
cast reflection, cast reproach, cast a slur upon
insinuate, damn with faint praise
hint a fault and hesitate dislike
twit, taunt &c. (disrespect)
sneer at &c. (despise)
satirize, lampoon
defame &c. (detract)
depreciate, find fault with, criticize, cut up
pull to pieces, pick to pieces
take exception
cavil
peck at, nibble at, carp at
be censorious &c. adj.
pick holes, pick a hole, pick a hole in one's coat
make a fuss about. take down, take down a peg, set down
snub, snap one up, give a rap on the knuckles
throw a stone at, throw a stone in one's garden
have a fling, have a snap at
have words with, pluck a crow with
give one a wipe, give one a lick with the rough side of the give one a lick with the rough side of the tongue. incur blame, excite disapprobation, scandalize, shock, revolt
get a bad name, forfeit one's good opinion, be under a cloud, come under the ferule, bring a hornet's nest about one's ears. take blame, stand corrected
have to answer for. disapproving &c. v.
scandalized. disparaging, condemnatory, damnatory, denunciatory, reproachful, abusive, objurgatory, clamorous, vituperative
defamatory &c.. satirical, sarcastic, sardonic, cynical, dry, sharp, cutting, biting, severe, withering, trenchant, hard upon
censorious, critical, captious, carping, hypercritical
fastidious &c.
sparing of praise, grudging praise. disapproved, chid &c. v.
in bad odor, blown upon, unapproved
unblest
at a discount, exploded
weighed in the balance and found wanting. blameworthy, reprehensible &c. (guilt)
to blame, worthy of blame
answerable, uncommendable, exceptionable, not to be thought of
bad &c.
vicious &c.. unlamented, unbewailed, unpitied. Adv. with a wry face
reproachfully &c. adj.. Int. it is too bad!, it won't do, it will never do!, marry come up!, Oh!, come!, 'sdeath! [Contr.], forbid it Heaven!, God forbid, Heaven forbid!, out upon, fie upon it!, away with!, tut!, O tempora!, O mores!, shame!, fie, fie for shame!, out on you!, tell it not in Gath!,
