[Sectarianism.] N. heterodoxy
error &c.
false doctrine, heresy, schism
schismaticism, schismaticalness
recusancy, backsliding, apostasy
atheism &c. (irreligion). bigotry &c. (obstinacy)
fanaticism, iconoclasm
hyperorthodoxy, precisianism, bibliolatry, sabbatarianism, puritanism
anthropomorphism
idolatry &c.
superstition &c. (credulity)
dissent &c.. sectarism, sectarianism
noncomformity
secularism
syncretism. [religious sects.] protestantism, Arianism, Adventism, Jansenism, Stundism, Erastianism, Calvinism, quakerism, methodism, anabaptism, Puseyism, tractarianism, ritualism, Origenism, Sabellianism, Socinianism, Deism, Theism, materialism, positivism, latitudinarianism &c. High Church, Low Church, Broad Church, Free Church
ultramontanism
papism, papistry
monkery
papacy
Anglicanism, Catholicism, Romanism
popery, Scarlet Lady, Church of Rome, Greek Church. paganism, heathenism, ethicism
mythology
polytheism, ditheism, tritheism
dualism
heathendom. Judaism, Gentilism, Islamism, Islam, Mohammedanism, Babism, Sufiism, Neoplatonism, Turcism, Brahminism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Sabianism, Gnosticism, Hylotheism, Mormonism
Christian Science. heretic, apostate, antichrist
pagan, heathen
painim, paynim
giaour
gentile
pantheist, polytheist
idolator. schismatic
sectary, sectarian, sectarist
seceder, separatist, recusant, dissenter
nonconformist, nonjuror. bigot &c. (obstinacy)
fanatic, abdal, iconoclast. latitudinarian, Deist, Theist, Unitarian
positivist, materialist
Homoiousian, Homoousian, limitarian, theosophist, ubiquitarian
skeptic &c.. Protestant
Huguenot
orthodox dissenter, Congregationalist, Independent
Episcopalian, Presbyterian
Lutheran, Calvinist, Methodist, Wesleyan
Ana, Baptist
Mormon, Latter-day Saint, Irvingite, Sandemanian, Glassite, Erastian
Sublapsarian, Supralapsarian
Gentoo, Antinomian, Swedenborgian
Adventist, Bible Christian, Bryanite, Brownian, Christian Scientist, Dunker, Ebionite, Eusebian
Faith Curer, Curist
Familist, Jovinianist, Libadist, Quaker, Restitutionist, Shaker, Stundist, Tunker &c.
ultramontane
Anglican, Oxford School
tractarian, Puseyite, ritualist
Puritan. Catholic, Roman, Catholic, Romanist, papist. Jew, Hebrew, Rabbinist, Rabbist, Sadducee
Babist, Motazilite
Mohammedan, Mussulman, Moslem, Shiah, Sunni, Wahabi, Osmanli. Brahmin, Brahman
Parsee, Sufi, Buddhist
Magi, Gymnosophist, fire worshiper, Sabian, Gnostic, Rosicrucian &c. Adj. heterodox, heretical
unorthodox, unscriptural, uncanonical
antiscriptural, apocryphal
unchristian, antichristian
schismatic, recusant, iconoclastic
sectarian
dissenting, dissident
secular &c., (lay). pagan
heathen, heathenish
ethnic, ethnical
gentile, paynim
pantheistic, polytheistic. Judaical, Mohammedan, Brahminical, Buddhist &c. n.
Romish, Protestant &c. n.. bigoted &c. (prejudiced), (obstinate)
superstitious &c. (credulous)
fanatical
idolatrous &c.
superstitione tollenda religio non superstitione tollenda religio non tollitur [Lat.] [Cicero].
