Earliness	#132.	 bespeak, secure, engage, preengage. accelerate
Attention	#457.	 catch the attention, awaken the attention, wake the attention, invite the attention, solicit the attention, attract the attention, claim the attention excite the attention, engage the attention, occupy the attention, strike the attention, arrest the attention, fix the attention, engross the attention, absorb the attention, rivet the attention, catch the mind, awaken the mind, wake the mind, invite the mind, solicit the mind, attract the mind, claim the mind excite the mind, engage the mind, occupy the mind, strike the mind, arrest the mind, fix the mind, engross the mind, absorb the mind, rivet the mind, catch the thoughts, awaken the thoughts, wake the thoughts, invite the thoughts, solicit the thoughts, attract the thoughts, claim the thoughts excite the thoughts, engage the thoughts, occupy the thoughts, strike the thoughts, arrest the thoughts, fix the thoughts, engross the thoughts, absorb the thoughts, rivet the thoughts
Attention	#457.	 catch the attention, awaken the attention, wake the attention, invite the attention, solicit the attention, attract the attention, claim the attention excite the attention, engage the attention, occupy the attention, strike the attention, arrest the attention, fix the attention, engross the attention, absorb the attention, rivet the attention, catch the mind, awaken the mind, wake the mind, invite the mind, solicit the mind, attract the mind, claim the mind excite the mind, engage the mind, occupy the mind, strike the mind, arrest the mind, fix the mind, engross the mind, absorb the mind, rivet the mind, catch the thoughts, awaken the thoughts, wake the thoughts, invite the thoughts, solicit the thoughts, attract the thoughts, claim the thoughts excite the thoughts, engage the thoughts, occupy the thoughts, strike the thoughts, arrest the thoughts, fix the thoughts, engross the thoughts, absorb the thoughts, rivet the thoughts
Attention	#457.	 catch the attention, awaken the attention, wake the attention, invite the attention, solicit the attention, attract the attention, claim the attention excite the attention, engage the attention, occupy the attention, strike the attention, arrest the attention, fix the attention, engross the attention, absorb the attention, rivet the attention, catch the mind, awaken the mind, wake the mind, invite the mind, solicit the mind, attract the mind, claim the mind excite the mind, engage the mind, occupy the mind, strike the mind, arrest the mind, fix the mind, engross the mind, absorb the mind, rivet the mind, catch the thoughts, awaken the thoughts, wake the thoughts, invite the thoughts, solicit the thoughts, attract the thoughts, claim the thoughts excite the thoughts, engage the thoughts, occupy the thoughts, strike the thoughts, arrest the thoughts, fix the thoughts, engross the thoughts, absorb the thoughts, rivet the thoughts
Affirmation	#535.	 I'll warrant, I'll warrant you, I'll engage, I'll answer for it, I'll be bound, I'll venture to say, I'll take my oath
Conversation	#588.	 hold on a conversation, carry on a conversation, join in a conversation, engage in a conversation
Motive	#615.	 procure, enlist, engage
Pursuit	#622.	 engage in &c. (undertake)
Danger	#665.	 engage in a forlorn hope. threaten danger &c.
Undertaking	#676.	 engage in, embark in
Undertaking	#676.	 engage &c. (promise)
Contention	#720.	 wrangle &c. (quarrel). contend with &c., grapple with, engage with, close with, buckle with, bandy with, try conclusions with, have a brush &c. n.. with, tilt with
Warfare	#722.	 do battle, give battle, join battle, engage in battle, go to battle
Warfare	#722.	 set to, fall to, engage, measure swords with, draw the trigger, cross swords
Commission	#755.	 authorize &c. (permit). put in commission, accredit, engage, hire, bespeak, appoint, name, nominate, return, ordain
Promise	#768.	 undertake, engage
Compact	#769.	 engage &c. (promise). treat, negotiate, stipulate, make terms
Love	#897.	 win the heart, gain the heart, win the affections, gain the affections, secure the love, engage the affections
