Quantity	#25.	 yaffle. V. quantify, measure, fix, estimate, determine, quantitate, enumerate. Adj. quantitative, some, any, aught, more or less, a few. to the tune of, all of, a full, the sum of, fully, exactly, precisely.
Junction	#43.	 put together, lay together, clap together, hang together, lump together, hold together, piece together [Fr.], tack together, fix together, bind up together together
Junction	#43.	 roll into one. attach, fix, affix, saddle on, fasten, bind, secure, clinch, twist, make fast &c. adj.
Arrangement	#60.	 catalogue, tabulate, index, graduate, digest, grade. methodize, regulate, systematize, coordinate, organize, settle, fix. unravel, disentangle, ravel, card
Chronometry	#114.	 annalist. calendar year, leap year, Julian calendar, Gregorian calendar, Chinese calendar, Jewish calendar, perpetual calendar, Farmer's almanac, fiscal year. V. fix the time, mark the time
Stability	#150.	 weather the storm, stay the course, stick to the course, keep the faith, don't give in, don't buckle under. settle, establish, stablish, ascertain, fix, set, stabilitate
Impotence	#158.	 emasculate, castrate, geld, alter, neuter, sterilize, fix. shatter, exhaust, weaken &c.. Adj. powerless, impotent, unable, incapable, incompetent
Location	#184.	 establish, fix, pin, root
Quiescence	#265.	 fix
Density	#321.	 fix, clot, cake, candy, precipitate, deposit, cohere, crystallize
Vision	#441.	 fix the eyes upon, rivet the eyes upon
Attention	#457.	 fix the eye on, rivet attention on, fix attention on, devote the eye to, fix the mind on, devote the thoughts to
Attention	#457.	 fix the eye on, rivet attention on, fix attention on, devote the eye to, fix the mind on, devote the thoughts to
Attention	#457.	 fix the eye on, rivet attention on, fix attention on, devote the eye to, fix the mind on, devote the thoughts to
Attention	#457.	 catch the attention, awaken the attention, wake the attention, invite the attention, solicit the attention, attract the attention, claim the attention excite the attention, engage the attention, occupy the attention, strike the attention, arrest the attention, fix the attention, engross the attention, absorb the attention, rivet the attention, catch the mind, awaken the mind, wake the mind, invite the mind, solicit the mind, attract the mind, claim the mind excite the mind, engage the mind, occupy the mind, strike the mind, arrest the mind, fix the mind, engross the mind, absorb the mind, rivet the mind, catch the thoughts, awaken the thoughts, wake the thoughts, invite the thoughts, solicit the thoughts, attract the thoughts, claim the thoughts excite the thoughts, engage the thoughts, occupy the thoughts, strike the thoughts, arrest the thoughts, fix the thoughts, engross the thoughts, absorb the thoughts, rivet the thoughts
Attention	#457.	 catch the attention, awaken the attention, wake the attention, invite the attention, solicit the attention, attract the attention, claim the attention excite the attention, engage the attention, occupy the attention, strike the attention, arrest the attention, fix the attention, engross the attention, absorb the attention, rivet the attention, catch the mind, awaken the mind, wake the mind, invite the mind, solicit the mind, attract the mind, claim the mind excite the mind, engage the mind, occupy the mind, strike the mind, arrest the mind, fix the mind, engross the mind, absorb the mind, rivet the mind, catch the thoughts, awaken the thoughts, wake the thoughts, invite the thoughts, solicit the thoughts, attract the thoughts, claim the thoughts excite the thoughts, engage the thoughts, occupy the thoughts, strike the thoughts, arrest the thoughts, fix the thoughts, engross the thoughts, absorb the thoughts, rivet the thoughts
Attention	#457.	 catch the attention, awaken the attention, wake the attention, invite the attention, solicit the attention, attract the attention, claim the attention excite the attention, engage the attention, occupy the attention, strike the attention, arrest the attention, fix the attention, engross the attention, absorb the attention, rivet the attention, catch the mind, awaken the mind, wake the mind, invite the mind, solicit the mind, attract the mind, claim the mind excite the mind, engage the mind, occupy the mind, strike the mind, arrest the mind, fix the mind, engross the mind, absorb the mind, rivet the mind, catch the thoughts, awaken the thoughts, wake the thoughts, invite the thoughts, solicit the thoughts, attract the thoughts, claim the thoughts excite the thoughts, engage the thoughts, occupy the thoughts, strike the thoughts, arrest the thoughts, fix the thoughts, engross the thoughts, absorb the thoughts, rivet the thoughts
Judgment	#480.	Discovery fix upon
Discovery	Phr.	 fix upon
Discovery	#480a.	 fix upon
Memory	#505.	 fix in the memory, rivet in the memory, imprint in the memory, impress in the memory, stamp in the memory, grave in the memory, engrave in the memory, store in the memory, treasure up in the memory, bottle up in the memory, embalm in the memory, enshrine in the memory
Resolution	#604.	 conclude, fix, seal, determine once for all, bring to a crisis, drive matters to an extremity
Choice	#609.	 make choice of, fix upon. vote, poll, hold up one's hand
Preparation	#673.	 lay the groundwork, fix the groundwork, lay the basis, fix the basis, lay the foundations, fix the foundations
Preparation	#673.	 lay the groundwork, fix the groundwork, lay the basis, fix the basis, lay the foundations, fix the foundations
Preparation	#673.	 lay the groundwork, fix the groundwork, lay the basis, fix the basis, lay the foundations, fix the foundations
Difficulty	#704.	 deadlock, dead set. fix, horns of a dilemma, cul de sac [Fr.]
Difficulty	#704.	 in difficulty, in hot water, in the suds, in a cleft stick, in a fix, in the wrong box, in a scrape &c. n., in deep water, in a fine pickle
Price	#812.	 shot. V. bear a price, set a price, fix a price
Caution	#864.	 if it ain't broke, don't fix it" [Bert Lance].
