Smallness	#32.	 minute
Period	#108.	 second, minute, hour, day, week, month, quarter, year, decade, decenniumm lustrum, quinquennium, lifetime, generation
Instantaneity	#113.	 suddenness, abruptness. moment, instant, second, minute
Instantaneity	#113.	 hour, minute
Instantaneity	#113.	 very minute &c., very time, very hour
Newness	#123.	 just out, brand-new, up to date, up to the minute, with it, fashionable, in fashion
Earliness	#132.	Punctuality right on time, to the minute
Earliness	#132.	Punctuality with no time to spare, by a hair's breadth. Phr. touch and go, not a minute too soon, in the nick of time, just under the wire, get on board before the train leaves the get on board before the train leaves the station.
Punctuality	Phr.	 right on time, to the minute
Punctuality	Phr.	 with no time to spare, by a hair's breadth. Phr. touch and go, not a minute too soon, in the nick of time, just under the wire, get on board before the train leaves the get on board before the train leaves the station.
Punctuality	#132a.	 right on time, to the minute
Punctuality	#132a.	 with no time to spare, by a hair's breadth. Phr. touch and go, not a minute too soon, in the nick of time, just under the wire, get on board before the train leaves the get on board before the train leaves the station.
Changeableness	#149.	 agitation &c.. moon, Proteus, chameleon, quicksilver, shifting sands, weathercock, harlequin, Cynthia of the minute, April showers
Littleness	#193.	 minute, diminutive, microscopic
Rotation	#312.	 revolutions per minute, RPM. [result of rotation] centrifugal force
Attention	#457.	 revision, revisal. active application, diligent application, exclusive application, minute application, close application, intense application, deep application, profound application, abstract application, labored application, deliberate application, active attention, diligent attention, exclusive attention, minute attention, close attention, intense attention, deep attention, profound attention, abstract attention, labored attention, deliberate attention, active thought, diligent thought, exclusive thought, minute thought, close thought, intense thought, deep thought, profound thought, abstract thought, labored thought, deliberate thought, active study, diligent study, exclusive study, minute study, close study, intense study, deep study, profound study, abstract study, labored study, deliberate study. minuteness, attention to detail. absorption of mind &c. (abstraction). indication, calling attention to &c. v.. V. be attentive &c. adj.
Attention	#457.	 revision, revisal. active application, diligent application, exclusive application, minute application, close application, intense application, deep application, profound application, abstract application, labored application, deliberate application, active attention, diligent attention, exclusive attention, minute attention, close attention, intense attention, deep attention, profound attention, abstract attention, labored attention, deliberate attention, active thought, diligent thought, exclusive thought, minute thought, close thought, intense thought, deep thought, profound thought, abstract thought, labored thought, deliberate thought, active study, diligent study, exclusive study, minute study, close study, intense study, deep study, profound study, abstract study, labored study, deliberate study. minuteness, attention to detail. absorption of mind &c. (abstraction). indication, calling attention to &c. v.. V. be attentive &c. adj.
Attention	#457.	 revision, revisal. active application, diligent application, exclusive application, minute application, close application, intense application, deep application, profound application, abstract application, labored application, deliberate application, active attention, diligent attention, exclusive attention, minute attention, close attention, intense attention, deep attention, profound attention, abstract attention, labored attention, deliberate attention, active thought, diligent thought, exclusive thought, minute thought, close thought, intense thought, deep thought, profound thought, abstract thought, labored thought, deliberate thought, active study, diligent study, exclusive study, minute study, close study, intense study, deep study, profound study, abstract study, labored study, deliberate study. minuteness, attention to detail. absorption of mind &c. (abstraction). indication, calling attention to &c. v.. V. be attentive &c. adj.
Attention	#457.	 revision, revisal. active application, diligent application, exclusive application, minute application, close application, intense application, deep application, profound application, abstract application, labored application, deliberate application, active attention, diligent attention, exclusive attention, minute attention, close attention, intense attention, deep attention, profound attention, abstract attention, labored attention, deliberate attention, active thought, diligent thought, exclusive thought, minute thought, close thought, intense thought, deep thought, profound thought, abstract thought, labored thought, deliberate thought, active study, diligent study, exclusive study, minute study, close study, intense study, deep study, profound study, abstract study, labored study, deliberate study. minuteness, attention to detail. absorption of mind &c. (abstraction). indication, calling attention to &c. v.. V. be attentive &c. adj.
Record	#551.	 commemoration &c. (celebration). record, note, minute
Record	#551.	 note, minute, put on paper
Record	#551.	 take note, make a note, take minute, take memorandum
Description	#594.	 minute account, detailed particular account, circumstantial account, graphic account
Compendium	#596.	 abstract, precis, epitome, multum in parvo [Lat.], analysis, pandect, digest, sum and substance, brief, abridgment, summary, apercu, draft, minute, note
