Beginning	#66.	 narrow end of the wedge, thin end of the wedge
Contraction	#195.	 grow less, dwindle, shrink, contract, narrow, shrivel, collapse, wither, lose flesh, wizen, fall away, waste, wane, ebb
Contraction	#195.	 not come up to &c. (be inferior). render smaller, lessen, diminish, contract, draw in, narrow, coarctate
Narrowness. Thinness	#203.	 contraction &c.. V. be narrow &c. adj.
Narrowness. Thinness	#203.	 narrow, taper, contract &c.
Narrowness. Thinness	#203.	 render narrow &c. adj.
Narrowness. Thinness	#203.	 waste away. Adj. narrow, close
Interment	#363.	 cerement. coffin, shell, sarcophagus, urn, pall, bier, hearse, catafalque, cinerary urn. grave, pit, sepulcher, tomb, vault, crypt, catacomb, mausoleum, Golgotha, house of death, narrow house
Inquiry	#461.	 narrow search, strict search
Qualification	#469.	 fine print. V. qualify, limit, modify, leaven, give a color to, introduce new conditions, narrow, temper. waffle, quibble, hem and haw (be uncertain)
Misjudgment	#481.	 hobby, fad, quirk, crotchet, partiality, infatuation, blind side, mote in the eye. [causes of misjudgment. 4] one-sided views, one-track mind, partial views, narrow views, confined views, superficial views, one-sided ideas, partial ideas, narrow ideas, confined ideas, superficial ideas, one-sided conceptions, partial conceptions, narrow conceptions, confined conceptions, superficial conceptions, one-sided notions, partial notions, narrow notions, confined notions, superficial notions
Misjudgment	#481.	 hobby, fad, quirk, crotchet, partiality, infatuation, blind side, mote in the eye. [causes of misjudgment. 4] one-sided views, one-track mind, partial views, narrow views, confined views, superficial views, one-sided ideas, partial ideas, narrow ideas, confined ideas, superficial ideas, one-sided conceptions, partial conceptions, narrow conceptions, confined conceptions, superficial conceptions, one-sided notions, partial notions, narrow notions, confined notions, superficial notions
Misjudgment	#481.	 hobby, fad, quirk, crotchet, partiality, infatuation, blind side, mote in the eye. [causes of misjudgment. 4] one-sided views, one-track mind, partial views, narrow views, confined views, superficial views, one-sided ideas, partial ideas, narrow ideas, confined ideas, superficial ideas, one-sided conceptions, partial conceptions, narrow conceptions, confined conceptions, superficial conceptions, one-sided notions, partial notions, narrow notions, confined notions, superficial notions
Misjudgment	#481.	 hobby, fad, quirk, crotchet, partiality, infatuation, blind side, mote in the eye. [causes of misjudgment. 4] one-sided views, one-track mind, partial views, narrow views, confined views, superficial views, one-sided ideas, partial ideas, narrow ideas, confined ideas, superficial ideas, one-sided conceptions, partial conceptions, narrow conceptions, confined conceptions, superficial conceptions, one-sided notions, partial notions, narrow notions, confined notions, superficial notions
Misjudgment	#481.	 narrow mind
Escape	#671.	 narrow escape, hairbreadth escape
Poverty	#804.	 slender means, narrow means
