Belief	#484.	 popular belief &c. (assent). firm belief, implicit belief, settled belief, fixed rooted deep-rooted belief, staunch belief, unshaken belief, steadfast belief, inveterate belief, calm belief, sober belief, dispassionate belief, impartial belief, well-founded belief, firm opinion, implicit opinion, settled opinion, fixed rooted deep-rooted opinion, staunch opinion, unshaken opinion, steadfast opinion, inveterate opinion, calm opinion, sober opinion, dispassionate opinion, impartial opinion, well-founded opinion &c.
Belief	#484.	 popular belief &c. (assent). firm belief, implicit belief, settled belief, fixed rooted deep-rooted belief, staunch belief, unshaken belief, steadfast belief, inveterate belief, calm belief, sober belief, dispassionate belief, impartial belief, well-founded belief, firm opinion, implicit opinion, settled opinion, fixed rooted deep-rooted opinion, staunch opinion, unshaken opinion, steadfast opinion, inveterate opinion, calm opinion, sober opinion, dispassionate opinion, impartial opinion, well-founded opinion &c.
Resolution	#604.	Perseverance persisting, persistent. solid, sturdy, staunch, stanch, true to oneself
Perseverance	Phr.	 persisting, persistent. solid, sturdy, staunch, stanch, true to oneself
Perseverance	#604a.	 persisting, persistent. solid, sturdy, staunch, stanch, true to oneself
Health	#654.	 florid, flush, hardy, stanch, staunch, brave, robust, vigorous, weatherproof. unscathed, uninjured, unmaimed, unmarred, untainted
Restoration	#660.	 stop a gap, stanch, staunch, caulk, calk, careen, splice, bind up wounds. Adj. restored &c. v.
Friendship	#888.	 peace &c.. firm friendship, staunch friendship, intimate friendship, familiar friendship, bosom friendship, cordial friendship, tried friendship, devoted friendship, lasting friendship, fast friendship, sincere friendship, warm friendship, ardent friendship. cordiality, fraternization, entente cordiale [Fr.], good understanding, rapprochement, sympathy, fellow-feeling, response, welcomeness. affection &c. (love)
Probity	#939.	 faithful, loyal, staunch
